Let's go to the art gallery.
He came into the kitchen when I was cooking.
I walked five feet and the sandal broke again.
And if you go to the jail, you'll never be in a movie with Dan Blaze.
Yes, tahnk you. I'm a conservative(保守的 保守党)!
What did you use it for?
I really enjoyed the ending of the book.
We can't go running in the park today.
I think he is going to get his own reality show with his wife.
He seemed to be pleased with his results.
Are you going to heat the meatballs or are they supporsed to be served cold?

At the museum, there were lots of security guards protecting the exhibition(展览) (gallery展览馆) of gold jewelry.
The huge stone sculptures at the National Museum are amazing works of art.
We walked through all the galleries.
admission(进入权 招认 入场费)
Isn't it nice that admission to the museum is free for all visitors after 5:00 pm on Sundays?

Alexander Fleming discovered pennicillin by accident while he was doing research at a hospital.
While I was clearing the basement, I found a box with brand new curtains in it.
I gave my aunt and cousins gifts while I visited my family last year.
What did you do while you were waiting for your daughter to finish shopping at the boutique?
Trisha was so sad that shed started crying while we were watching the movie last night.
The traffic really slowed down while we were driving home because it was raining so much.
He got the laundry(洗的衣服 洗衣店) out of the dryer while the machine was clearning the rest of the clothes.
My roomates played terrible, loud music while I was sleeping.
I bought a laptop, but it was faulty because it wouldn't turn on later at home.
It's not right to sell a broken laptop, so I called the store and told the manager I wanted to make a complaint.
He said he would give me a refund, but I didn't want to go back to the store to get the money.
The manager suggested I use the shipping label(运输标签) attached to the laptop box to send it back to the store for free instead, so I did.(warranty保单)
I will call my brother-in-law back later if you remember to remind me to do it.
What will happen to our new pop-up restaurant if we see another decrease in profit this month?
If the number of unemployed people continues to increase, it will be very bad for the country's economy.
Liberals believe companies should do what's best for the society and not what earns them the most money.
In November, citizens of the United States will elect a new president to lead them.
In Sweden, people pay about 30 percent of the money they make in taxes to the government.
It's the law in California that you have to be 16-years-old or over to drive a car.
I think the government should stay out of business matters so I guess I'm a convervative.
I joined a political party that helps to protect nature and save the environment.
I'm not sure which candidate I will vote for, but I like Andrew Pang because he promises to help the poor and the unemployed.
Government should carefully explain its policies, so the rules are understood by everyone.

What are all these tiny glass bowls?
I use them for testing different types of chemicals.
Explain to me why you are going to mix grapes into the chicken dish.
I'm adding them because I wanted to try a new French recipe.
Why are you buying that seven cntimeter knife?
It's short and that makes it great for peeling small vegetables.
Do you know why Tim didn't get the job he applied for at the company?
He told me that the company said they never got the resume he emailed.
Can you show me how to by these shoes on this website?
You can buy them by clicking here.
You seem to be really irritated(生气的烦恼的) with the waiter.
Well, he is slow and unfriendly. Therefore I'm certainly not going to leave him a good tip.
I read in the newspaper this morning that your boss was involved in a big scandal.
Yes, as a result of stealing thousands of dollars from the company, he was arrested.
I think we should get some exercise today.
Okey, I have to find the shoes I use for running in the park.

The Secret Chef, written by Charlotte Boucher, is a true story with a big surpise. It beings in Paris in 1951 with two male chefs and a young boy named Caude. During the first year, the very mean chefs scream at Calude, but eventually the customers in the bistro(小酒馆小餐馆) love Calude's delicious food. After a while, Calude becomes a famous chef. The big surprise at the end is that Claude isn't a man, but a woman named Caudette. At that time, women weren't allowed to be chfs, so I loved reading this story about Claudette, who was so brave and strong.
What genre if the Secret Chef? non-fiction
The Secret Chef is set in France.
The critic thinks that the ending of The Scret Chef is not predictable.
Who is the author of The Secret Chef? Ms. Boucher.
What is the surprise at the end of the story? Claude is not a man, but is, in fact, a woman.
What role does the critic belive Claudette has in the book?
The critic feels that Claudette is a hero.
I look forward to eating dinner with my co-worker, Ellen, because she's always cheerful.
Please remember to put a jacket on before you go ouside in the snow.
It was great when Sally learned to use the computer software for designing the new logo.
We were happy that the boss finally agreed to give us longer lunch breaks and better wages.
Can you imagine unloading those 50-pound bags of rice from the delivery truck?
The man refused to leave the building even though the security guards came.
John has fun when he goes to the flea market because he enjoys shoppoing for second-hand clothing.

Can you believe that Eric on that reality show? They're filming what happens to him every day, and then putting it on television.
The new soap opera is really exciting and has some crazy characters, but there are only two episodes right now. I can't wait for the third.
Did you see the documentary about exotic(异域的) animals? I learned about two different types of lions.
Yes, it's a live broadcast. The president is speaking right now.
That actress was on a talk show with Billy Kane. He interviewed her and asked her questions about her new movie.
Well, I heard Tom and Katie weren't really dating. It was just a big publicity stunt for the new TV show they are starring in together.

The jar appears to be made of metal, but it's really just shiny pottery(陶器).
Isn't this salad supposed to be served with chicken and walnuts(核桃)?
I don't know all the details, but the conflict between the two countries seems to be difficult to figure out.
She pretends to be easy-going, but she's actually the kind of person who worries a lot about everthing.

I'm worried I won't be able to pay my rent.
I promise I'll be able to help you later this month.
You made the most sales this month, I'm not sure, but I think you are going to get a big raise from the boss soon.
Be careful! You're going to fall off the cliff if you don't turn around and get back on the path.
Look at the sky! I think it is going to rain soon and I haven't brought my umbrella.

