What news surprises Shen at the restaurant?
Sofi got fired(Sofi is not at work yet|Diego is going to work in the kitchen)

This is Shen's _ time meeting Dan Blaze.
Second(First|Third)

What is the news story about in the magazine?
Dan Blaze(The Replaceables|The red carpet)

What kind of movie is Dan Blaze working on?
An action moive(A funny movie|A sports movie)

Can you believe the 'news' these days?

Yeah, the reporters only want to cover celebrity(名人) and scandal(丑闻).

People don't like to read a report on the environment, conflicts, or the economy.

The stories in the news always try to make celebrity lives look like soap operas.

There was almost a riot outside the set of my movie yesterday.

Many fans waited outside the theater to see their favorite celebrity.
Those two countries are always in conflict with each other.
It is important for people to help clean and protect environment.
There was an escape from the prison last night.
He told the count that he did not commit any crimes.
William got his start as a reporter for the daily newspaper.

It's an action movie that takes place in the future.

The story starts with a police officer, played by me.

Who gose to prison for a crime he didn't commit.

His prison guard is a female robot and they fall in love.

Eventually, she helps him escape.

In the end, they meet in Rome and get married.

It's an exciting action movie.

It takes place in the past.

The story begins with two robots fighting.

In the end, they all live happily in Paris.

Today, the world leaders met to talk about the environment.

Today's news is the big scandal. The police arrested Tome Smith.

How was the movie?
The movie was awesome.
Can you tell me about the movie?
It's a movie that takes place in the past.
How does the story start?
The story starts with a boy who wants to become a clown.
And then?
He meets some old man and asks him for help.
Where did they meet?
They meet in the park. Eventually, they become good friends.
What happened in the end?
In the end, the boy grows up and became a very funny clown.

Many celebrities were walking down the red carpet at the movie premiere last night.

Is the story set in China?
No, the sotry takes place in Egypt.

How do you know so much about the environment?
I read a special report in a magazine last year.

Tim and Ronnie weren't friends. Then they worked together. Eventually, they became good friends.

It was a natinal scandal when he was arrested.

The story begins with conflict and ends with happiness.

Did you hear the news about the unemployed?
Yeah, the economy is really bad this year.

What is your favorite part of the movie?
My favorite part is after they fall in love and get married. It's a nice day.

How do Shen and Dan Blaze feel about their food?
They think the food is bad.
What do Shen and Dan Blaze talk about over lunch?
Celebrities.
What are Shen and Dan Blaze going to do today?
They are going to spend time together.
Nadi wants Shen and Dan Blaze to fill out a questionnaire(问卷调查).

A soap opera is a type of fictional(虚构的) drama(戏剧) with actors.
I can't believe that Michelle Rohan was fired from her soap opera because she acted so poorly on the live broadcast.

I can't believe that Michele Rohan was fired form her soap opera.
Because she actd so poorly on the live broadcast.
I was watching a talk-show the other night and the guest was Kevin Freeman.
He told the host he's quitting acting for good.
It's a publicity(宣传) stunt(特技表演).

The live broadcast of the Golden TV Awards is watched by millions of people.
"What's for dinner" is a true documentary(纪实影片) about food around the world.
The famous actor, Johnny Romeo, talked about his marriage on a talk show.
The band said they are going to quit, but it was just a publicity stunt.
Did you see the new cartoon about Manny Monkey living in space?
My favorite types of movies are action ones. I love all the fighting and excitement.

Why does Diego offer Shen bread and butter?
It's the only food that isn't bad.
Dan Blaze says Michelle Ronan was fired because of a scandal.
Dan Blaze says that Kevin Freeman is not really quitting but wants to get more attention.
Why does Dan Blaze tell Shen to "Get out of here"?
He's surprised that Shen is also an actor.

Yeah, wasn't she fired from her soap opera?

Did you hear the news about Lisa Frank?
Yes, I did. She was fired from the kids show.
Why do you think she was fired?
I think there was a scandal.
Oh, really? She has been on many talk-shows recently too.
I think it's just a publicity stunt.
Why do you think it's a publicity stunt?
Well, she wants to start a new reality show.
Oh, really? Why would she tell people she is quitting then?
If people think she's quitting, people would be more interested in her.
I guess it works. I'm interested in her now. You should do a publicity stunt.
I'll be on a talk show tonight. What should I do?

People talk about their real lives and get interviewed by hosts on reality shows.
Can we watch the President's interview on TV?
Yes, it's a live boradcast that begins at 8 pm.
I like reality TV because other people's lives are interesting.
If we don't work hard, we'll get fired.
Why do you like talk-shows?
I like to see famous people talk about their lives.
Did you see the news about the environment yesterday? It was surprising.

Who is calling the restaurant?
An employee of a website for restaurant reviews.
What does the woman read to the man?
Some comments from customers.
Which sentence best describes the cooking staff?
There is only one chef.
What will Mario do after learning this information?
(Vending(出售)machine) He will make changes to make the food better.

Your restaurant appears to be very unpopular.
You don't seem to be making any of your costumers happy.
They don't use fresh tomates. The saurce appears to come from a jar.
Another asked: Are meatballs supporsed to be served cold?

The restaurant appears to be closed right now.
Every table is supposed to be clean.
The microware seems to be broken.
The refrigerator appears to be empty.


How do you feel about your GULP reviews?
Tell me more about how you feel about that.
How about your own opinion?
Can you tell me about the types of comments you get in your restaurant?

We would like to hear a few comments about the food.
We are conducting(实施) a marketing survey on laptops.
Thank you for answering our survey.
What is your opinion on your internet serivce?
You said you don't like the company. What is your main complaint?
Please review the restaurant and give it 1-5 stars.

Shaw Library Survey
1. When did you first use Shaw Library?
Two years ago.
2. How often do you visit Shaw Library?
Twice a month.
3. Which days do you usually vist Shaw Library?
Usually on Friday or Saturday.
4. What do you use Shaw Library for?
I read novels and magazines.
5. What kind of books do you like to read?
Stories about other countries.
6. How can we make Shaw Library better?
It should stay open late.(Parking lot(停车场))
7. How do you feel about Shaw Library?:w

I have a few questions about your restaurant. I'd like to know about the most popular dishes.
Hmm. That is tough to say. The beef stew appears to be popular. Customers order it often.
Tell me more about the atmosphere at the restaurant.
The atmosphere is supporsed to be relaxing. We want our customers to feel comfortable.
Do you have plans to make any changes to your restaurant?
Yes, we do. We plan to make an app for phones. Customers will be able to add their reviews.
Thank you for answering my questions. I'll have a dinner at your restaurant tonight.
Yuo seems to be excited. I hope you enjoy the food.
How long have you worked at this job?
For three years.
Can you tell me about your exercise habits?
I usually go to the gym twice a week.

The last thing this world needs is more reality TV.
How is your new movie?
What do you think the weather will be like tomorrow?
We get some bad reivews, we get some good reviews.

Did you see the local news today? A teenager created a company that helps the environment by replacing plastic bags with cotton bags.
The talk-show host, Barbara Gomez, interviewed here guests about their problems with stress.
The two countries got into a serious conflict because they couldn't agree which one owns the islands.
Did you see the new cartoon with talking rabbits? It's perfect Saturday morning show for little kids.
The news report said the United States economy is a lot better this year because the number of jobs is growing.(Finance财政金融财务)
The photographers took pictures of all the celerities --some of the most famous actors and actresses --standing on the red carpet at the movie premiere(首映式)

Thanks for joining me on ReallMovie TV today. Everyone is really excited to hear about the new film you're directing. How does it start?
It begins with robots taking over the world.
Wow- that sounds scary! I heard that a scientist is arrested and taken to prison. Is that true?
Yes. After the robots take over, they manage the law and government. They really become the police. Do you konw what happens in the end of the movie?
I don't, and neither does our audience, so please don't tell use too much about the final scene.
Alright, well, I won't spoil it completely then. But sombody does fall in love.
I'm glad the end sounds happy. Can you tell us where you filemd the scenes?
Most of the movie takes place in Los Angeles, but some scenes are in Paris and Seoul.
So it sounds like the movie is very international! Here's  one last question: who is the main character in this?
There are two, actually. The first is Jeanne, a scientist who's played by Amy Liu. Then there's Malcolm, a government agent who's played by Rex Carson.
The chef seems to be an awesome cook.
The directions weren't supporsed to be so difficult to understand.
It sounds like you need to look for another job soon.
Jane always pretends to be happy when she really isn't at all.
It appears to be true that the woman committed the crime.
Besty seems to be excited about her interview with the famous actress.

Could you please fill out this questionnaire? It will help our restaurant improve its service.
Sure, but how long will it take? I'm in a hurry and might have to it later.
Who interviewd you last night before the premiere?
I spoke with a talk show host. He was friendly and made me feel comfortable right away.
Is it true that you just finished the prototype?
Yes. Now I'm going to conduct a marketing survery to see if people will buy the product.
Did you get the results from the online survey?
I did, but I still need to read the comments, because they'll give me more information.
What was the reporter talking the man about?
I don't know, but people are talking tons of photographs on their cell phones. I think it might be a scandal.
So I guess you saw the awful reviews for the hotel?
I had no idea the hotel was so unpopular. Let's stay somewhere else.





I'd like to know more about why customers appear to be upset.
Do you want to read this novel after I'm finished?
Sure. It seems to be interesting.
What can you tell me about the restaurant's menu? Does it have enough choices?
Yes, it does. There are various items to choose from.
I'm a bit scared of the boss. Are you?
No way. She pretends to be mean, but actually she's very kind.
You won't smile at anyone today.
That's because I am depressed(沮丧的).
Tell me more about your new car.
I really like it. I'm glad I bought it.
Why do you like this restaurant?
It has delicious food.
Let's go to a movie tonight. How about Network of lies?
I'd rather not go. It is supporsed to be scary.
I'd like to know more about the dining(吃饭) club.
Of course. I'll answer your questions.




















