What product is the Company Company trying to sell? 
A product which makes sandwiches.

Marco thinks that no one needs the Sandwich Stacker.

Todd thinks people need the Sandwich Stacker.

What will Marco do to fix the problem?
He will shoot the video again.

I work in France.
I work for a small company.

I'm the head of this department.

I'm in charge of commercials and the commercial I just saw was terrible.

You duties do not include making customers think.

And you are responsible for making somthing that I like.

That's why I'm in charge of this department.

Jane works for her uncle's company.
She is the head of the IT department.
She is in charge of all the computers in the company.
Her duties include protecting the computers from viruses.
Roger works in a store and he's responsible for selling supplies.
His duties include talking to the customers.

That's the Marco I want to see.
Do you know that employee he's talking to?
I really like the new teacher who started working here last week.
I got he position I have always wanted!
My favorite responsibilities are the ones I do outdoors.
The subjects I like best in school are Math and Science.
The dirty dishes sitting in the kitchen are Mathew's.

I think we should go to a restaurant tonight.

Where should we go for our vacation this year?
I think we should go somewhere really quiet and relaxing.
That's sould a little boring. I want to do something more exciting.
I don't agree. I have so many dutist at work, so I'm exhausted.
I understand. But climbing a moutain may be fun.
A moutain? I disagree! That's not relaxing!
I think we should do our vacation to do something we can't do when we are old.
I think you are wrong. We can go to a  mountain when we are old.
We can always go to a beach right here in the summer. Am I right?
Yes, your are right. But I want to go to Hawaii!
We went to Hawaii last year. I really think a moutain trip would be good for us.
OK. I undersand. We can go to the mountain if we can go to the Hawaii next year.

I'm responsible for many things at work.

Who is your boss, Benjamin?
I work for David Sanders. He's in charge of IT.
I think employees should have free parking. Am I right?
No, I don't agree. They should pay a little each month.
He is the new person the boss hired last week.
How's the new job? What do you do all day?
I love it! My duties include keeping the beach safe and clean.
That's the commercial Mr. Dale liekd the most.
Did you hear we got a new head of sales?
No!
Please don't call IT for help. I can solve the problem myself!
I don't care if you agree or not. We need IT to help us right now!
I'm so tired at the end of the day!
It must be difficult to be responsible for so many babies.

What is Marco doing in his office?
Applying for a new job.
What's Marco's problem?
He doesn't like working for the Company Company anymore.
Khae tells Marco he should stay and work hard with her.
In the end, Marco agrees with Khae.

Please send me your resume and cover letter.
Add cover letter.
Dear Sir or Madam.
I'm writing in reference to(关于) the new position with international Hourse of Breakfast.
Pleas find attached(所附的) my resume.
And would be grateful for the opportunity
to talk with you about the advertised position.

Always include a cover letter(附信) when you introduce youself and show interest in a job.
Dear Sir or Madam, I am writing in reference to the part-time position at your bank.
Don't forget to attach your resume to the emial message.
You should begin a letter with "Dear Sir or Madam".
I am writing to respond to the position as advertised in today's newspaper.
I would be grateful for the opportunity to work with your company.

It's exhausting because we don't have breaks.
And I don't like the bad food in the cafeteria.
If you leave the company, who's going to be my partner?
Together we can think of something new to pitch to the Big Boss.

People you work with: Boss, Co-worker, Partner
Things you like about work: Long breaks, Godd cafeteria, Can work well.
Things you don't like about work: No breaks, Long hours, Bad food.

Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in respond to the job posting advertised on the Job Search website. I am looking for a position  in markting. I studied marketing at the university level and have five years of experience working in a marketing compnay. The position you advertised is a wonderful opportunity for me. My education, expericen, and skills would make me an excellent partner and I work well with co-workers. I have immediate availability. I attached a cover letter and resume for your reference.
Thank you for your attention and I hope to hear from you soon.
Sincerely,
Mario Pabon
How does Mario start his letter? Politely.
Morio found the job posting on the internet.
Mario is looking for a position in marketing.
His education and experience make Mario a good worker.
Mario is availably right now.
Marrio attached a cover letter and resume to the email message.
I would like to make some complaits about my job.

How can I help you?
Well, I'm not happy. I want to make some complaits about my job.
Can you tell me what you don't like about it?
First, I work very long hours, so I'm exhausted.
That's terrible, Is there anything else?
I don't like the food in the cafeteria. It's not good.
That's true. I don't like the food in the cafeteria. What about your work?
I like my duties. But I really don't like the people I work with.
I'm sorry you are unhappy here. We don't want you to leave. so let me talk to the head of your department.
Thank you for listening to my complaint.

It says that I like long breaks in my cover letter.

Hey, Martin! Let's take a 15-minute break.
Good idea. I'm hungry! Let's go to the cafeteria.
I'd like to make a complaint. The service was very unfriendly.
What's the matter? Why are you crying?
Mom, I don't like my new teacher at school.
Dear Sir or Madam, I am writing to you about the job posting on your Jobs page.
What are some things you like about your job?
I love the long breaks. I like to rest, so I don't get exhausted.
How do you like the pasta(意大利面食)?
I dislike the sauce because it's too creamy(奶油的).
Can you please help me write a resume?
Sure! I'm so glad you are looking for job.
I like my job because I work with friendly co-workers.
In regards to my availability, I can start working on April first.

Paul Reubens
14 Mountain Drive
Seattle, Washington 98117
Tel: 206-555-8745
Fax: 206-555-2388
Email: paulreubeans18@email.com

May 1, 2016

Karen Smith
Director of Sales
King Computer Company
1005 Grand Avenue, Suite 102
Seattle, Washington 98102

Dear Ms. Smith,
I'm writing to apply for the Sales Manager position posted on the careers page of the King Computer website. Last year King Computers added five new offices, making it the largest computer slaes and services company in the state. I understand that one of the company's aims is to expand outside of the Washington area. I am seeking the opportunity to play an important role in your growing business. As a Sales Manager with Diamond Computers, I expanded our sales area by 150% in two years. I am confident that my leadership and experience will help King Computers achive its goal, too.
I have worked in the field of computer sales for over fifteen years. Currently I am a Sales manager for Diamond Computers based in Seattle. My responsibilities include training and leading a 12-person sales team. I am skilled at managing accounts and increasing sales revenue(财政收入,收益). Last year, my team generated $960,000 in revenue - the highest in the company. Also, I received the Diamond Sales Award for the best Salses Manager. In addition, I am experienced at planning sales strategies, developing advertising compaigns, and creating sales budgets.
King Computer is well-known for its customer-first philosophy. You print "The customer is king" at the top of every adversisement, sales contract, and business letter. In my fifteen years in sales, this way of thinking is the most important thing I have learned. A sales strategy should never be just about getting money from customers. I believe it's important to take the time to listen to each customer-to understand what he or she really needs. Then, we must find the product that best matches those needs. As a Sales Manager for King Computers, I will be in a great position to do just that.
Please find enclosed(随函附上的,封闭的) my professional resume. If you are looking for a skilled Sales Manager with a history of success, I would be delighted to speak with you. Unfortunately, I will be out of the country from May 7-10. However, we can talk by video call at any time. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely,
Paul Reubens
Paul wrote this letter to apply for a job at King Customer.
Paul has lots of experience as a Sales Manager.
What is Paul very good at?
Increasing sales.
What is King Computer famous for? Valuing their customers.
What is the most important thing for Paul? To make lots of profits.

I am writing to apply for a marketing position.
I am writing to apply for a teaching position with your school.
In my last position, my responsibilities included planning stragegies and testing.
Please find my resume enclosed.
I would be delighted to speak with you and look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you for taking the time to read my email.

Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in regards to(关注) your online job posting for the sales clerk(支援书记员文书) position at your store. I belive my communication skills and three years of experience working in a clothing shop make me the perfect person for the job.
Please see the attached cover letter(求职信) and resume.
If you have any questions, I would be delighted to speak with you
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
With best regards, Sarah Thompson.

King Computer is well known for its customer-first philosophy.

Can you tell me what you know about our company?
I understand that you are the largest international bicycle manufafturer.
Have you worked in bicycle sales before?
Yes, I have three years of experience working in a bike store in Boston.
What were your duties at the store?
My responsibilites included local marketing, adversting, and helping customers.
What were your strongest skills?
I was good at developing sales strategies and expanding our revenue by 25%.
Do you work well with your co-workers?
I won the colleague(同事) of the month award manay times and had great success training our new employees.
What is your sales phiolosophy?
I belive it is important to always think about the needs of the customers before anything else.
Do you have anything else to say?
I would be grateful for this opportunity to work with you. If you are looking for a hard-working, creative, and helpful Sales Manager. I am someone you can depend on.
I am writing to apply for the receptionist position.

Dear Sir or Madam, I am writing to respond to a job posting I saw on the Jobs for All website.
My responsibilities include preparing monthly sales reports and creating new strategies.
I understand that your compnay is seeking someone to generate a 20% higher revenue.
I would be grateful to have the opportunity to work in your IT department.
I am confident in my leadership skills and sales strategies.
Thank you for your attention. 
Yours truly, Micheal Benson.
Please see the attached cover letter and resume.
I believe we share the same philosophy abut teamwork.

I work in the design department at the Company.
I'm in charge of commercials and the commercial I just saw was terrible.
I would like to apply for the job.
In my fifteen years in sales, this way of thinking is the most important thing I have learned.
How's your new boss treating you?
Argh! I hate working for him already. He's rude and mean.
So, do you like having your own business now?
Yes. It's great to work at home and not have to spend long hours driving to and from work.
I have to find a way to build a cheaper laptop that everyone can afford.
Okay, I can help you, but what's your plan of action?
I'm so excited that we're going to be business partners.
Me, too. You and I can create a very successful company.
What exactly do you do in the marketing department?
I'm responsible for the TV commercials for our financial services.
It's 9:00 p.m.  already and we haven't stopped working all day.
I know! It's exhausting. We should take a few more long breaks.

I'm so hungry. Let's go to the company cafeteria and get something to eat.
My co-workers have amazing ideas. I'm so glad we work in the marking department together.

Elsa should talk to the plice about the crime she just saw.
We are seeing the movie Jonathen didn't like.
Do you like the guy you met at the office in Brazil?
Joe thought the commercial with the crazy clowns was the best one he had ever seen
The information you included in your report was very useful for the company.
That's the new restaurant I told you about on the phone.

Do you have immediate availability because we would need you to start the job this week?
We currently have a job opening for a graphic designer. You should apply now.
The person interviewing me was impressed that I was in charge of the entire marketing department.
Dear Sir/Madam, I'm writing in reference to the part-time summer position at your beach resort(旅游胜地，解决办法)
Your company offers me the best opportunity for me to use all my skills and experience.
Do include a cover letter that explains what you are skilled at and why you are a good candidate for the job.

Dear Sir or Madam,
My name is Thomas Lee. I am writing in regards to the video game designer position.
I would be grateful for the opportunity to use my design skills to help expand your growing business.
I believe that these skills, and my ten years of experience in the video game industry, make me a perfect match for the position.
I've enclosed my resum, which includes a list of employers to contact for more information about my past work.
If you have any questions, I would be happy to speak with you. My phone numebr, which is also on my resume, is 347-555-2146.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely, Thomas Lee
