What do Sofi and Benny talk about?
What to wear for the dinner.(What to cook for the dinner|What to bring to the dinner)
Shen brings a famous actor to Sofi's dinner.
Sofi thinks that chefs should make a good experience for guests.
(Change the menu choices frequently|Look at other restaurants for good ideas)
How did Sofi get inspiration(灵感) for her pop-up restaurant?
She considered the restaurant where she used to work.
She asked her firend Danielle for advice on how to make the restaurant.
She looked at photos on the internet.

I use books as decorations.
I'm using jars as drinking glasses.
I like that you use bottles as candle holders.
And I'm using scarves as lamp shades.
That's why the light in here is perfect.
I had to work as the chef, decorator, and waitress to make tonight a success.

I use my scarf as a curtain.
John uses his apartment as an office.
My mother had to work as chef and waitress at the same time.
You can use this paper as a lamp shade.

When I was a university student, I lived in Paris.
How did you come up with this idea?
After leaving the restaurant, I didn't know what I wanted to do.
I searched on my computer from morning till night.
Looking at pictures for inspiration.
Eventually, I have to leave my apartment.

When I was a university student, I lived in Paris.
I studied at Ecole Plytechnique, and none of my classes were in English.
In order to pass them, I had to learn Frechn very quickly.
When I graduated, I moved back to the United States.
After a while I got a job in New York, but I didn't have many friends therewho spoke French.
Eventually, I forgot how to speak French.
I thought about what I could do to learn Freach again.
In the end, I decided to go back to Paris and study Frech again.

I'm using jars as drinking glasses.
I like that you used bottles as candle holders.
I'm using scarves as lamp shades.
That's why the light in here is perfect.
I had work as the chef, decorator and waitress to make tognight a success.

Hello, what do you work as?
I work as a decorator.
How did you decorate this restaurant?
First, I searched the internet.
What did you do after that?
After searching the internet. I wrote down my ideas.
What did you do with your notes?
Then, I dru my ideas.
I see. There are not real tables, what are these?
I'm using doors as tables.
That's a good idea. Are these candles hold these?
Yes, I'm using jars as candle holders.
The curtains are beautiful.
Thank you. I'm using scarves as curtains.

Eventually, I started using bottles as drinking glasses.
I work in a school. I work as a teacher.
I like books. I like lots of colors. I'm really into animals.
OK, so let's look for colorful books about animals.
I had a terrible week, so I hope we can have fun this weekend.
What do you do?
I work in marketing.
Derek failed the test many times, but he didn't give up. Eventually, he passed it.
I didn't know I was hungry until I saw the food.
After comming home from work, I remembered that I needed to go to the store.
I use my drinking glasses as pen holders.

