Do you know how much they are?
Do you know what the weather is like there?
Do you where that is?
Can you tell me what time it is?

The climate in Hawaii is interesting.
It will be misty in the morning.
But I think foggy mountains are beautiful.
There might be a thunderstorm or two.
But they are generally mild.
If you go in the summer, there won't be any crazy gales.
It might be stormy there in the winter.
The temperature is perfect, with a breeze that keeps the bugs away.

It's so good to see you again. It has been a while. So you said you are planning a vacation. Where do you want to go?
I'm thinking about going to SanFransisco, I have never been there before. And I think it will be great
Nice. How are you going to get there? It's pretty far away.
Well, I found some good package deals online. You can fly coach round trip and get a hotel for a good price.
What kind of hotel are you thinking of staying at?
Hey, You know me. I want fine dining and service. A luxury hotel of course.
And what are you going to do when you are there?
I'm still thinking about that. I probably rent a car and do some sightseeing.

They all have beautiful sandy beaches, of course, they are dessert islands after all.
But each one has a very different feel.
There are tons of places to stay.
And this is definitely the way to go if you want a luxury hotel, first-rate service, and lots of nightlife.
You can still find some good budget options here.
And for the money, this is the perfect desert-island escape
Oh no, there's not. You need to fly into Lombok.
Last time I went I got through security and passport control in no time.
And there was a very pleasant lounge to wait in.
People from many coutries can get their tourist visa on arrival at the airport.

So how was your vacation? I'm sorry I forgot, where did you go?
It was so relaxing. I went to XX. I stayed for 2 weeks.
That's right. Tell me about it. was it easy to get to?
Well, it was pretty difficult. At the airport I had to wait a long time to get through airport security.
Yeah, airports are the worst. How about the hotels?
Pretty good. I stayed in a budget hotel. There was pretty clean and had good service.  It was exellent for the money.
And restaurants?
There were tons of restaurants. I can't believe there were so many.




















