
I'm closing the school, so I can pursue my acting career full-time.
I started acting part-time when I was a ten-year-old
Are there other high-quality acting classes you can recommend?
I am friends with some well-known teachers.
In this action-packed movie, Dan plays a bank teller.
The scene is after a high-speed car chase through the city.

You are working with Dan Blaze? That's impossible.
I can't believe this. This is unbelievable.
I'm just uncomfortable with where my career is now.
I known this business is unreliable, but I would really like to work more.
Getting a big job like this is improbable, but it can happen.

As you known, today is our last class.  I'm leaving to pursue my acting career all day, every day.
You are going to be a full-time actor? That's great. Can you recommend any well-known acting teachers?
Of course. I know plenty of high-quality teachers. I'll email you their names after class.
Thank you. Do you have any acting gigs yet?
I do. I'll be working at a film with Dan Blaze
A film with Dan Blaze? That's impossible !. I want to work with Dan Blaze.
Shen, it sounds like you are unhappy about my success.
No, I'm not. I Just feel unsuccessful and uncomfortable about my career.

Sometimes I feel like moving to a forest in the middle of nowhere.
I'd like to live in a woodland area.
I would like to live someplace peaceful and less lively than New York City.
I'd also like to live on the coast somewhere by the ocean.
I wouldn't want it to be too touristy though.
I would want it to be quiet and not too popular with outsiders.

This city is so much fun. I just want to see everything it has. How about you? Do you like to live in big cities?
Yeah, I love living in big cities.
Why is that?
Well, I'm enjoying living in big cities because there are so many things to do. Like going to the theater, art gallery. have opportinity to experience many different things.
And what about living near the ocean?
Oh, I'd love to live on the coast. It's beautiful. I want to walk down the beach every day and swim.
And how about living upon the moutains?
That sounds terrible. I hate to live in moutains or near woodlands.

It would only sell roundtrip tickets and I needed a one-way ticket.
I waited on the platform for 30 minutes.
Before they announced the blue line is not running.
So I took the bus, but the bus broke down.

You did four weeks' worth of work in one night.
You need a day's rest, Khae.
If I take a week's holiday, I won't have to worry about work.
Maybe a few days' holiday isn't such a bad idea.

Good afternoon, Sir. How can I help you?
I'd like to buy a ticket to Paris, please.
And how would you like to get there? You can travel by airplane, or high-speed train.
I'd like to fly. I hate traveling by train.
Ok, sounds good, and when would you like to depart?
Immediately. I've got three days' vacation and I want leave now!
Ok, let's see what we got here. There's a flight at 7 pm and it gets to Paris at about 9. Does that sound good?
That's great.
Would that be roundtrip? or one-way ticket.
Well, I only have a few days' vacation, so I would like a roundtrip ticket.















