Lesson 1
At the start of the scene, Benny is telling Shen about a fight at a football match.
(the final goal in a footbal match|the best player on a footbal team)
Shen is having trouble finding a role because he is too old or too short.
Which role can Shen audition(试镜) for? A man in Professor Whom
Benny thinks Shen needs to be clean and look nice for the audition
(take a bag and money to |leave quickly and walk fast to)

I have played a teenager before, I was when I lived in Chicago.
I have been to three football matches.
I have played a teenager before.
I want to be a leading man.
Have you done that before?
I have played a dead guy.

Hi Sheena,
How are you? I'm excited about my vacation to Brazil. I've been to Brazil once before. Ivisited my aunt and uncle there three years ago. I had a wonderful time! This time, I'm going to stay with my aunt and uncle again. My cousins are taking me to a big football match. I've watched a lot of football, but on on TV. I watched a good match on Saturday. Two players got into a fight at the end of the match! I hope there's not a fight at the game in Brazil. Anyway, I hope to see you before I leave. Are you free on Sunday?
Your friend,
Gabriel

I wouldn't go to the audition like that, if I were you.
If I were you, I would look my best.
I'd comb(梳子) my hair if I were you.
I'd use that one if I were you.

If I were you, I would look for a job.
I'd talk to an agent if I were you.
If I were you, I'd move to a big city.
I'd buy a new car if I were you.

I've played a teenager before, I was when I lived in Chicago.

I've worked for two different companies in my life.
My first job was at a computer company, and I worked in sales.
I sold software to other business.
After that, I worked for a marketing company.
Now, I'm thinking about getting a new job.
I've had several people give me advice.
My friend Doug told me to find a job that pays a lot of money.
My sister told me to find a job that I love.

Hi, have you ever traveled to another country?
Yes, I have been to China before.
That's cool. How did you get there?
I flied there from LA. It was a long travel.
Yeah, I can imagine. What did you do in China?
I went to a lot of wonderful parks, and I walked in the mountains.
What did you take pictures up in China?
I took a lot of photos of bidges. They were so beautiful. So, have you ever been to another country?
No, I haven't. But I'd like to. Where do you think I should go?
If I were you. I'd go to Brazil.

I have a job interview tomorrow!
If I were you, Id wear a nice suit.
I have been to egypt several times. I visited my grandmother there.
If I were you, I wouldn't go the concert(音乐会). It's going to be very loud.
I've tried seafood at many restaurants. My favorite was when I ate it at Seaside Seafood.
I want to get an interesting lamp(灯) for my apartment.
I'd go to an antique shop if I were you. 
You look excited.
I am. I've auditioned for many lead roles. Last week, I finally got a part as a leading lady.
If I were you, I wouldn't walk alone at night. It's dangerous.
I've completed in over twenty chess tournaments(比赛). I played my hardest match last year. 

Lesson 2
What is Shen doing?
Auditioning for a movie.
An actor doesn't want to talk to Shen because he needs to read the script.
The casting directors(选角导演) aren't happy because the actors before Shen were awful.
Why did Shen get the job?
Because he was good.

Neither do I.
I'm, too.
Me neither.
Yeah, so is he.
Neither do I.
I do too.
Same here.

I love watching crime series.
So do I. They're so exciting.
I don;t like hot weather.
Me neither. I prefer it when it's cold.
I'm so happy we can wear jeans on Friday.
Me too. It's nice to wear casual(随便) clothes.
I'm excited about our trip to Germany.
I am too. I can't believe we're going next week.
I don't understand this script.
Neither do I. It's confusing.
I love going to tennis matches.
I don't. I think they are boring.

You love poetry(诗歌).
We need to think about transport(运输).
I need information on the speed of the ship before I die.
I gave up hope when I felt the bullet hit my chest.
You love family.
Of all the aliens I have met in my travels around this universe.
You are the most human.

I like to play chess in the park.
Do you have information about the bus schedule?
They serve great food in this restaurant.
I never gave up hope that I'd find a job.

I need to go to grocery shopping this weekend.
I do, too. I don't have much food at home.
I'm going grocery shopping this weekend.
I am, too. I need food for a dinner party.
I have to clean my apartment this weekend.
So do I. It's really messy.
I'm tired of cleaning my bathroom.
I am, too. I hate doing the shower and the toilet.
I have an audition for a crime series on Saturday.
So does my brother. He wants to get the lead role.
I'm going to audition for a movie on Friday.
My sister is, too. She wants to get the lead role.

Are you busy this weekend? I'm going to be very busy.
I am too. I have to go grocery shopping and clean my apartment.
Do you have much time for friends? I hate when I don't have time for my friends.
Same here. I don't see my friends as much as I'd like
Do you ever have time to just sit and watch TV? I don't even have time to watch TV on the weekends.
Me neither. But sometime I watch the TV during the week, late in the night.
Do you like to be outsite when it's nice? I like to go to the park when the weather is good.
So do I. I really like to play soccer with my friends in the park.
I see. Well, I have to get back to work. See you on Monday.
OK, bye.

I don't like making dinner.
Neither do I.
Some people think they can find happiness by becoming famous.
My sister works in  a factory.
My brother does too.
I need to wash my car this weekend.
Me too. Mine is really dirty.
I need to ask my boss for help with this project.
I'm getting popcorn before we watch the movie.
So am I.
I'm not going to Janice's party on Friday.
I'm not neither. I have to work.
I need to clean the bathroom today. It's messy.

Barrens Loses to Garcia.
Kensington, MD, USA - Maria Garcia defeated Jennifer Barrens in the women's final tennis match yesterday for the Eastern Championship games. There was a huge crowd at the stadium(体育馆) for the final match on Friday, Augest 10. Barrens was the favorite and expected to take the win. She was the current state champion and was undefeated this season. She beat Garcia twice during the year. However, Garcia surprised the crowd and Barrens when she won the match.
"I didn't fell that nervous", Garcia says."I decided to play my best and pretend it was like any other match."
But it wasn't like any other match. Garcia started strong with an incrdible serve when she got on the court. She continued to play well and won the first set 6 to 4.
"I was surprised,"Barrens says."No one thought I'd lose, but Garcia played a great game"
Barrens definitely put up a fight. She won the second set 5 to 3. The crowd loved watching these incredible athlets play. Garcia was ultimately(最终地) the winner after she won the last set 4 to 2.
Garcia became passionate about tennis at an early age. She started playing when she was five years old. "I always wanted to be a professional tennis player" She says. "I dreamed of being in a championship match one day"
Garcia, who is from Mexico, moved to the United States when she was seven. "I made a lot of new friends on the tennis court(球场法院)" She says. "It was a great way to meet new people"
Garcia's career started when she was a teenager. She became a star on her high school tennis team. She started playing professionally when she was 15 years old. She quickly became one of the best players on the court
However, she struggled during the regular season after hurting her arm in March. She slowly recovered and made a comback, which brought her to the Eastern tournament. She easily beat six opponents before winning the finnal match against Barrens.
Why did people think Jennifer Barrens was going to win the match?
Because she won more matches during the season.
(Because she won the tournament last year|Because she was playing better at the beginning of the match)
How many sets did Maria Garcia win?
Two.
Maria Garcia started playing tennis when she was a child.
Why was the tennis season difficult for Maria?
Because she injured her arm.

She was the current state champion and was undefeated this season.
The crowd cheered for their team.
He is the champion of the games.
We want to beat the other team.
The goalie(守门员) protects the goal.
My neighborhood has a nice tennis court.
I play against my friend every other weekend.
My friend and I play for the same team.
He faced his opponent on the field./ during the game.

I beat the other runners.
He is the champion of the race.
The crowd cheered for their team.
He is the new goalie
My friend and I play against each other every weekend.

Maria Garcia defeated Jennifer Barrens in the wowen's final tennis match yesterday for the Eastern Championship games. She easily beat six opponents before winning the final match against Barrens.

The Lions won the game, beating the Blue Birds in the final seconds.
The Blue Birds were winning for most of the game, but they lost to the Lions in the end.
The lions star athlete played for the Blue Birds a few years ago.
A past Blue Bird player is now one of the best players for the Lions.
The Lions and the Blue Birds are going to play against each other again.
The Blue Birds have to play the Lions another time before the season ends.
Janice Meyers was the favorte, but Victoria Bently beat her in the match.
Victoria Bently won the game even though Janice Meyers was expected to win.
The stadium was full for the final game between Janice Meyers and Victoria Bently.
When Victoria Bently played against Janice Meyers, there were no seats left.
Janice Meyers and Victoria Bently were undefeated before the championship.
Beofore the tournament, Victoria Bently didn't lose a game, and neither did her opponent.

She was the current state champion and was undefeated this season.
After a terrible season, Lori Post made a comeback and won the golf tournament.
Our basketball team was undefeated this year. We didn't lose a game.
My cousin plays on two football teams.
Nick Peterson was the favorite, but he lost the match.
Nina Vargas defeated her opponent. She beat her in the final set.
I saw a great tennis match yesterday. My favorite athlete played against the current champion.
Are you going to the football championship(锦标赛) in the new stadium?(Football players don't play on a court, They play on a field.)
Dan is a millionaire now that he plays cricket(板球 蟋蟀) professionally.

CheckPoint
Casey has studied at that university before. Itwas a year ago.
Neither am I.
The German team won the football match.
I'm not sure what I'd do if I were you.
I have ordered that dish once before. It was on the menu when I was here last week.
Our friends have been to our house before. They were here last winter on vacation.
Have you played that game with your co-workers before? It's a great way to get to know people.
We've traveled to Tokyo once before. We went there last year during the summer.
Mike was in many TV episodes. He had a lead role as a detective on a crime show.
Tonya has worked for four different companies. She quit her most recent job, but hasn't found a new one yet.

Tom is going to go camping in the forest this weekent.
Oh yeah? So am I. Maybe I'll see him there.
Lorenzo isn't going to the comedy show starring Ben Smith tonight.
Neither is Jeff.
I'm not enjoying the food at tis pop-up restaurant. Nor am I.
Etienne is eating at that new Mexican restaurant tonight.
Same here.
Partick has never been to Thailand. Neither have I.
I went to the beach yesterday. So did I.

The English team was undefeated until it lost a game to the German team last weekend.
David made a last-minute goal and helped England to win the match.
The crowd in the stadium was very excited about the football match.
Oh no! Did the German player just knock out one of our players?
After losing three games at the beginning of the season, the Red Dogs made a big comback by winning all the other games.
Our goalie caught the ball in time and we won the match.
Michelle Lee is an incredible athlete and works really hard to win golf tournament.
The Flying Birds have never won a game against their opponent, the Black Cats.
Both tennis players wanted a rematch because the crowd interrupted the game.
Alison plays tennis professionally, so she's always travelling around the world to play in matches.
You look tired. If I were you, I'd take nap.
Where should I go on vacation?
If I were you, I would go to Havaii. It's a beautiful place.
Jamal has been really stressed because of his job.
If I were him, I'd go on vacation.
I'm so hungry but I've got nothing to eat.
If I am hungry, I drink some water to put something in my stomach until I find food.
I need to find a job soon.
If I were you, I'd search for one on a job website.
If I were Don I wouldn't go to the beach today. It's going to rain.
It's pointless for you to care. If I were you, I'd ignore him because he just wants to hurt you.

Lesson 2
Marco is looking at a job ad.
What's another problem Marco has with his job?
He doesn't enjoy what he does.
Marco wants to leave the company to solve his problem.
What does Khae want Marco to do?
Think about his decision before he quits.

I think if I change jobs, then my problem is solved.
I don't know what else to do.
The big boss didn't response well to our idea.
Our success is prevented by these difficult people.
The answer to the problem isn't to run from it.
We need to find a way to work here and be happy.

If I get a raise, then my problem is solved.
The answer to the issue is to work longer hours.
My success is prevented by the other players on the team.
Is a promotion the solution to your issure?

I think the answer to the issue is to work with Todd, not against him.

Hi Elsa, how are you?
I'm having a problem at work right now.
I think that my success is prevented by a coworker.
He's telling the boss that my ideas are his.
First, I tried talking to him about it, but he acts like he didn't do anything wrong.
I know the solution is to tell my boss, but I don't want to get my coworker in trouble.
I wish he'd just stop doing it.
What do you think I should do about this issue?
Your fiend, Vic.

Planning this event is difficult. We have too much to do. And the chef event just cancelled. Now we are going to have to cook all the food.
The solution isn't to cook all the food. The solution is to find a new chef.
Yeah, you are right. My count work in the restaurant. I can see if she knowns anyone
That's a good idea.
Here is another problem. The event is outside, and it's supporsed to rain.
Well, we can get a big tent to put outside.
But it's going to cost money. Is the boss going to prevent us from doing that? 
Maybe. I can ask her. If we can't get a tent, then we can have the event in the cafeteria.
Great, another problem is solved. Is there anything else we need to worry about?
Yes. We need people to clean up after the event.

If I don't buy a uniform, then I can't play on the team. | racket(诈骗 争吵 球拍)
The solution to the problem is to ask for a promotion.
Is quitting the team the solution? I don't know what else to do.
Hey Misha, will you be in the office today? We have an important meeting.
I really want to go, but the storm is preventing me from going by car and the buses aren't running either.
The solution to the issue is to ask for help.
Khae doesn't want to quit here job because she needs to get paid.
Mrs. Berry tells a story about a friend who lost his job and wasn't sad about it.
What does Khae think after hearing Mrs. Berry's story?
Khae thinks she sould do what is right for her.
In the end, Khae tells Marco she wants to quit her job.

He said that he was unhappy.
Marco told me that he wasn't happy at the company anymore.
He said that he was tired of working there.
He said that he was unhappy.
He said that leaving was the best thing for him.

Jack said that he was unhappy at work.
Maria felt that her boss was dishonest.
Lorenzo told me that his soccer team played in a tournament.
Caria said that her supervisor gave her a raise.

KevinSmith: Hey, friends! Do you like your jobs? I want to know.
JennyB: I'm really tired of my job. It's boring.
Carl92: I like working as an engineer.
BrendaY: I'd prefer a different job.
Mike88: I really love my job. I enjoy what I do.
SandraLee: I'd like to spend more time with my family.
Jenny told Kevin that she was tired of her job.
Jenny said that her job was boring.
Carl said that he liked working as an engineer.
Brenda said that she would prefer a different job.
Mike told Kevin that he really loved his job.
Mike said that he enjoyed what he dose.
Sandra told Kevin that she'd like to spend more time with her family.

What did you do?
Hi. I'm taking a break and I though I'd call you since we don't talk in a while. How are you?
I'm fine. Jody. And you?
I'm great. What's the weather like there?
It's raining. The news said that it was going to rain all day.
Really? It's nice here except that it's Monday. I always feel sick on Monday. What did you do last weekend?
I played football with some friends. What did you do?
Unfortunately I had to work. How was your job?
It's great! My boss said I got a raise soon.
Congratulations. Is your job going to change?
Yes. My boss told me that I had a lot more work.
How do you feel about that?
It's OK by me. I really love what I do.

My friend told me that he got a promotion.
Ahmet said that his parents gave him a bicycle last month
Sofi said, "I'm really thirsty." Sofi said that she was thirsty.
Julia felt that the meeting was too long yesterday.
Cahrles said that he was worried about the environment.
Mr. Romiro said, "I'd like to see your work". Mr. Romiro told me that he would like to see my work.
Charlotte told me that she was late for class.
Jordan said, "I want to play football this weekend." He said that he wanted to play football.

Lesson 3
Who is Carla Baker?
Someone who made an app to contact emgergency services.
Carla's app can connect people to medical help.
How does Carla know that her app saved lives?
People who used the app wrote to her or told her.
When did Carla get the idea for her app?
After she read an article about an accident.

You mention that more than 1000 people got help from this app.
There are several ways you can activate the call.
Critics argue that with apps like this, there are going to be false calls.
You make the point that more than one thousand people got help from this app.
Yes. That's when I thought of the voice activation feature.

Today I'm talking with Dan Himura, the writer of the new book Emergency. Hello, Dan.
Hello. Thank you for having me here today.
You are welcome. In your book, you make the point that many people don't know what to do in emergencies. Doesn't everyone know to call 911?
Actually, no. Children often don't know this, and even young children can save lives.
Are you saying that parents should teach their children how to call emergency services?
Yes, I am. Even chidren as young as two years old can call for help in an emergency.
Interesting. Critics argue that your book doesn't include information about emergency serivces when traveling.
Well. It's true that 911 is only for United States and Canada, but I wrote my book for people in the United States.
Are you saying that people in other coutries use different numbers to call emergency services?
Yes. For example, in many countries in Europe, people call 112.

It was reported that he spent the night there.

Man Spends Night in Park
On October 24, there was an incident in Palm City Park. Roger Peterson was hiking alone, and he fell in the late hours of the day. Because it was dark outside, there weren't other people on the path. Peterson hurt his leg, and he couldn't move. He didn't call emergency services because his phone came out of his pocket when he fell down. It was only a few feet away from him, but he couldn't reach it. In the early hours of the morning, hiker Sarah Silvers found Peterson on the path. She called 911 and reported that a man was hurt. Silvers said that he looked seriously injured. Emergency services immediately came to Palm City Park. Peterson is now recovering at Palm City Hospital.

Are you saying that's the only symptom(症状)?

There was an incident last night at Blue fish, a new restaurant downtown, Over 20 people reported getting sick after eating there. Tonight I'm talking with the Doctor from Palm City hospital about the situation. Good evening, Doctor PG.
Good evening. Thank you for having me.
Thank you for being here. So, after eating bad sea food at Blue fish, most people got sick in the late hours of the evening. Is this normal?
Yes. Experts say that symptoms start 2 to 6 hours after eating bad food.
I see, What is the symptom?
People usually get sick to their stomachs.
Are you saying that's the only symptom?
No. People also can get fevers and headaches.
I see. And what should people do if they have the symptoms?
They need to drink a lot of water.

You mention that over one thousand people got help from this app.
Cirtics argue that your book has false information in it. Should I belive them?
That's definitely not true.
Officer Miller reported that the accident happend on Friday morning.
You mention that you are in a new movie, Can you tell me what it is?
No, I can't say anything yet.
The robbery happened in the late hours of the night, sometime around 11:30 pm.
You make a point that your app is affordable. How much does it cost?
It's about 2.
There was a fight at a local restaurant in Palm City last night. The incident happened around 8:00 pm.
More than 10000 people bought my product the first day it was on the market.
Are you saying that your product is popular?
Yes, I am. People around the world love it.
Rick Moris got to the hospital soon after he fell because his daughter called emergency services.

Lesson 2 checkpoint

Maybe the answer to your problem is not to quit your job.
Simone said that she couldn't leave because she hadn't talked to Ricky yet.
Last night at 15 Ninth Street the Midnight Burgalar was finally cought.
You state that your products are cheap enough for anyone to buy.
There are so many orders that production is falling behind schedule.
The solution to the problem is to hire more employees to meet our needs.
Since my hours were cut, I can't afford to pay my rent anymore.
If I were you, I'd look for a roommate.
I get so embarrassed when I have to speak in front of groups of people.
I'm supposed to meet Lyle at the museum, but my car just broke down.
The answer to your problem is to take the downdown bus.
Kim told me she wasn't at the party last night.
Bella said several times that she was not an eye-witness to the crime.
Leona said that she had no choice but to quit her job.
Jayden said that he has to exercise every day to feel good.
Genna told me that her dream is to live in the countryside(农村).
Tim said he was so overwhelmed that he couldn't think clearly.
Don't let that prevent you from making your presentation this afternoon.

Local Man Nighttime Burglar
by Jose Jimenez
Last night an incident took place on 15 Ninth Street just before midnight. Eye-witnesses said they saw a man dressed all in black walking sneakily(鬼祟) outside their building. The called the police and reported that a man was about to climb inside inside a window. Police got there quickly and arrested him. He hadn't robbed an apartment yet but he had entered a building where didn't belong.
Did the Nighttime Burglar really try to strike again last night in this neighborhood? No burglary(窃案) had taken palce yet last night. We don't know yet if he is the same burglar(窃贼) who robs in the late hours of the night. The police are still asking him questions.

Today I'm talking to Steffan Micheals, the owner of RoboCompany. He designs and manufactures robots that help with household(家庭) chores(琐事).
Thank you for having me here today.
Let's start with something you recently said. You told everyone that your products make a different in people's lives. Can you tell me how?
Sure, we create cool products that make things easier to do. For example, we have a small robot that cleans floors quickly. This helps our customers spend less time cleaning. They can actually relax on the weekends.
Free time on the weekends is so important! It must take a lot of knowledge to develop those products. But critics argue your products are too expensive and people don't really need them.
I've heard those critics. But, my customers are getting a high-quality product that has a lot of great features. For example, we've developed a phone app to go with our cleaning robot. Once customers install the app, they can activate and congtrol their robot from anywhere.
So are you saying that I could have this robot do things in my house while I'm on vacation?
Yes. Plus, the app will alert you if the robot gets stuck or damaged. It will also update you every time the robot cleans.

Lesson 3
Benney is reading an exciting book.
What does Benny want to do with the book?
Make a movie from the story.
What was the problem with Sofi's restaurant?
She didn't make any money.
Benny thinks Sofi should sell tickets in advance.

It's a good read.
It's a gripping new novel from Rex Masters.
It's a great read.
I can't put it down.
It must have a cliffhanger at the end of every chapter if can't stop reading.
I'm going to make an adaptaion of it for a film

Only books:
a great novel
a good read
pages
chapters

Only Movies:
actors
blockbuster hit
a great script

Books & Movies
Characters
action-packed
cliffhanger
gripping

You could also sell tickets in advance.
If people reserve tickets for the dinner, then I will know exactly how much money to spend on food.
You can have different price cateogries for different meals.
And if a dinner sells out, I could do two in one night.
We will set up a box office in the lobby.

The coucert(音乐会) was sold out.
There weren't any tickets left.
I bought my tickets at the box office two days before the show.
I got tickets at the theater in advance.
I want to reserve a table for the event.
I'd like to make a reservation in advance.
Tickets for adults cost 12, and tickets for children are 8
There are different price categories for different ages.
There isn't much availability for Friday's concert.
Almost all of the tickets are gone.

Events This Week:
Monday: Movie in the Park
Time for No One starring Dan Blaze
4:00 pm
Free
See Dan Blaze's newest movie outside. You can bring your own food and eat while you watch.
Reserve your place and print your ticket at xxx.com
100 tickets are available.
You must have a ticket to enter the park.
Come early to get a good seat 
Wednesday: Dinner with Dan Blaze
Listen to Dan Blaze talk about his amazing career while you enjoy a wonderful meal at Sun Vally Restaurant.
Tickets cost 45.
Seat assignments are ont the tickets.
Doors open at 7:00pm Dinner is at 8:00
Update: There are no more tickets available. If you already bought your ticket online, you can pick it up at the Sun Theater across the street from the restaurant.
Which event happens in the late hours of the afternoon?
Movie in the park.
Which event doesn't cost any money?
Movie in the park.
For each event do you need to go to the box office to pick up your ticket?
Dinner with Dan Blaze.
For which event can you sit where you want?
Movie in the park.
Which event is sold out?
Dinner with Dan Blaze.
What will Dan Blaze talk about at the dinner?
His work as an actor.

It must have a cliffhanger at the end of every chapter if you can't stop reading.
That movie was amazing.
You're right. It was an amazing movie. The lead actor was incredible.
And the story are so interesting.  I want to get more popcorn. I'm gone leave my seat.
I know. The story was really gripping.
I heard the movie was an adaptation of a book.Did you read it?
Did I read it? Yes! It's one of my favorite novels.
I should read it.
Yes, you really need to read it. It's fantastic.

There are two different price categories for tickets to the museum. Tickets for children are cheaper than tickets for adults.
I love the characters in this novel because they're so interesting.
If you get to the theater late, I'll leave your ticket at the box office.
The book is excellent. It's a great read.
Are there any seats available for the 8:00 show?
I'm sorry. The 8:00 show is sold out. Would you like tickets for the 9:00 show?
I have to read a chapter of this book by tomorrow morning.
How many pages is it?
How much do we have to pay to get into the museum?
We don't have to pay anything. It's free. It's only 5 for students. The tickets cost 5
The story in this crime novel is gripping. I can't put it down.
What book are you reading?

Sofi can't have another dinner because the building owner won't let her
Why doesn't Sofi like Mrs Berry's idea about delivering food?
Because wants to talk to the customers.
Shen can't rent a space for her restaurant because it costs too much money
What does Benny think will happen?
They'll solve the problem together.

It was a pleasure to meet Dan Blaze.
IT was the best meal I've had since I dined with the president.
Someone mentioned how good your food was to the owner of the building.
He said that you can't have an unauthorized restaurant in an apartment building.
It's a pity to stop hosting dinners after only one
It was a thrill to attend such a fabulous(极好的) event. Let's work together to think of a new location for it.
It's a shame that the owner heard about it.
It's a surprise to get a text from you during the day.
It's a shame that you can't come to the party tonight.
It was a thrill to get Dan Blaze's autograph
It's a pity that we can't go to the movies together.

Mrs. Berry was happy about meeting Dan Blaze.
Mrs. Berry feels bad that Sofi can't have more dinners.
Sofi isn't happy that she can't host more dinners.
Mrs. Berry loved Sofi's event.
Benny wishes the owner didn't know about the event.
Benney thinks that Sofi should keep trying.

It was the best meal I've had since I dined with the president.
Hello, I'm x. I'm interviewing local people for story about people's goals and dreams. What are your goals for the future? What's your dream job?
I'd like to start my own school someday. I imagine a school that has all of the regular classes like english math, and science. But there will also be a lot of other classes for students, like painting, and phatograph.
I see. And what happend in your past that makes you want that kind of job?
Well. My uncle took me on a trip one summer, my aunt gave me her camera to use. We hiked into the forest and I took a lot of pictures. Then  I came home, and read about things I took pictures of.  I learned so much that summer.
Interesting. What about today? What are you doing to reach your goals?
Well, as I said, I'm a sduent. Right now, I'm studying art and education
Wonderful. Now, can you imagine anything that might stop you from reaching your goals?
It's a pity that education is so expensive. I mean it's not going to stop me from getting a degree. But it might take me longer, because I have to work while I'm in school. 

It's a shame that you can't go to the office party. It's going to be fun.
It was a pity that the store was closed when we got there. I really needed to get some groceries.
I think it's a crime to miss Dan Blaze's new movie.
It's a thrill to visit the white house. I'm so excited that I'm going next week.
I think it's a mistake to quit your job. You really need the money.
It's beautiful outside today. It's sunny and warm.
Hello Today is my first day in the office. I'm Vicky.
Hi, Vicky. I'm Lynn. It's a pleasure to meet you.
I hurt my leg playing football.
It looks terrible. It's a surprise that you can walk.

What's On
TV guide for August 5 - August 11
Young at Heart
Monday-Friday, 2:00 pm
Friday's episode of Young at Heart ended with a cliffhanger. In the office, Julia told Isabel her secret: She is in love with Raul. Raul was listening on the other side of the door when the women were talking. The episode ended with Raul on a plane, but we don't know where he's going. This week, Julia is in for a big shock when she realizes Raul is gone. She runs to Isabel for help, but Isabel is mysteriously away on business. This week's storyline is all about Isabel, and here location is revealed at the end of the week.
Crime Scene Detective
Tusday, 9:00 pm.
In this week's case, Detective Parker solves another murder mystery. Victoria Riley guest stars at Loretta, a woman who accidentally finds a dead guy on a hiking path. Loretta says the man is a stranger. The man turns out to be a millionaire with many enemies. Thre more information Detective Parker finds out in this action-packed episode, the more he suspects Loretta. But is Loretta really the killer? There are many twists and turns in the case, but as always, Detective Parker discovers the truth. You must watch Tuesday's episode to find out what happens.
Time for No One
Friday, 8:00 pm
The Friday night movie this week, starring Dan Blaze and Katrina Cornners, was directed by Sandra Olson. It's an adaptation of Ken Patterson's book with the same title. The movie features a wonderful soundtrack with popular music from the 1970s. In Time for No One, Mark, played by Blaze, travels back in time to 1970. He meets his grandmother, played by Conners, when she was a young woman. Many family secrets are revealed as he becomes friends with his young grandmother. Does knowing these secrets change his future? Don't miss this blockbuster hit
The text gives information about shows on Television.(new novels in bookstores, movies at the theater)
Young at Heart is a soap opera.
Why is Julia surprised in Young at Heart? Because Raul is gone.
Who dies in Crime Scene Detective? A man with a lot of money.
Detective Parker solves the mystery in Crime Scene Detective.
What is Time for No One?
A book and a movie.
Time for No One is about time travel.

It's an adaptation of Ken Pattersn's book with the same title.
Above the Sun is an excellent movie that is an daptation of the novel with the same title.
The movie is directed by Annie Chan. Then soundtrack includes music from the band Company Time.
Lidia Oriz wrote the book and the script for this blockbuster hit. It's a gripping story about Leo Parra, a man who searches for his brother's killer in the mountains. It's a thrill to see Leo played by Victor Miguel Reyes. He briings the character from the novel to life on screen. The movie has a surprise ending that is different from the ending of the book. It ends with a cliffhanger, so Above the Sun fans can probably expect another movie to continue the story.

You must watch Tuesday's episode to find out what happens.
This week on Young at Heart, Isabel follows Raul to France. He tells her that he knows Julia is in love with him. Isabel reveals a bigger secret. It's a shock to find out that Raul is Isabel's brother. How does Raul feel about this news? Watch Friday's episode to find out.
This week on Crime Scene Detective, a new detective gets hired. Her name is Jonatha beyer, and she is played by Sandra Livingston. This is Livingston's first TV show, and she's amazing in the role. Detective Beyer doesn't alwways follow the rules when she works on cases, so other detectives don't like her. But she always sovles the mystery, and the fans are sure to love her. Don't miss this week's episode to meet Detective Beyer.
VIctor Miguel Reyes is an extremely popular actor today. He's tall and handsome, and he can play any kind of role. For example, in Above the Sun he plays the lead character in an action-packed movie. Next week, he guest stars as a killer in Crime Scene Detective. He is good at playing both good guys and bad guys. He is sure to be a success in any role he plays.

Friday's episode of Young at Heart ended with a cliffhanger.
People & Things: killer episode case character detective 
Actions: turn out to be, find out, solve, reveal
Description: popular, action-packed, wonderful, gripping

The story line in that book happens over twenty years.
The movie Follow Forever, starring Trina Pen, opens on Friday
I was surprised by the cliffhanger ending to this week's episode of True Life. I was a big shock.
The soundtrack in Way to the Top features(以…为特色;由…主演;以…为主要组成;起重要作用;占重要地位) music by the group Cha-ching.
This week's case has many twists and turns before the mystery is solved.
I really enjoyed the new science fiction movie by Anderson Paul.
In this week's episode of Young at Heart, Isabel turns out to be Raul's sister.
The killer is played by Nancy Martin. It's an execllent role for her because she's good at acting mean.

This novel is a great new read.
It will be a big surprise to see who will marry the lead character in next week's episode.
It's pity that we have to say good-bye now.
I always reserve tickets so I get good seats.

This new novel by Amanda Lee is such a good read I can't put it down.
This other novel by Agatha Piascik is a gripping story about a famous criminal.
I just love action-packed books and films. Everyhing happens so quickly.
That film had a cliffhanger. I didn't know until the very end who did the crime.
I think this new action-packed novel is going to be a blockbuster hit. It's going to be a success around the world.
Who made an adaptation of that novel for a film?
Then person with the starring role is also the director of the film.
Will Sam play the lead character, the person starring in this new film?

The film was a blockbuster hit and sold lots of tickets.
Many film adaptations of novels are successful because people know the stories already.

Did you watch "Smithtown secrets" last Thrusday?
YEs! I can't belive it. The mystery was finally solved. I thought the kill was Ben.
But Ben solved the mystery. That was his job. I thought it was Karen.
Karen wasn't in any of other episodes and no one knew here, so most people thought she was the one. But she didn't do anything and nothing happened to her.
Yes, it's a shame that the killer was Mina. She was the nicest person in Smithtown.
I know. The show dind't have any action, but I watched it because I wanted to find out who the killer was. It was sure interesting.
How does Jean feel about "Smithtown Secrets"?
She thinks it was gripping.

Did you enjoy going to the wrap party even though you weren't in the film?
Yes, it was a pleasure to meet all the actors and celebrate their success.
How do you feel about not being able to host any more dinner parties here?
I think that it's a shame since everyone really enjoyed them.
Isn't it a pity that Jan and Miriam had to give up their dream?
Yes, it's really sad that they can't keep their restaurant open.
How did they feel about being able to attend that special event?
They said that it was such a thrill to be there with all the famous celebrities.
Did you tell Kim about your big news?
It was a mistake to tell her. She told everyone about it.

We went to pick up our reserved tickets at the box office.
Tickets for many sports games have diffrent price categories. Some people pay more money to get the best seats.
There was no ticket availability for the show.
Tickets can be reserved online by using the theater app.



