Lesson 1
A huge crowd of people came to the game. There were no empty seats anywhere.
The goalie was excellent. He didn't let a single ball past him.
Madrid Braves were the champions of last year's games. They didn't lose a single game.
You play tennis on a court, but you play football on a field.
In the last minute, Silverman knocked out Springly and won 1-0.
In tomorrow's match, Argentina's Tigers will try to defeat Germany's Lions. It's going to be an exciting event to watch!

You seems happy.
I am. England won the match. Yes, that's right - they beat(beat beat beaten) Germany.
Oh, right. Was it a good match?
It was - our best player, David Decker, scored a last minute goal to win the match.
Wow, that must have been exciting.
He scored because the German goalie dropped the ball.
Poor guy.
Well, it means England won the championship. The fans in the crowd were so excited. I wish I could have been there.
Will they play again? - You know, have a rematch?
I hope so - and if there is one, I'd want to be in the stadium for that.

Garcia Wins Again
New York, NY, USA - Maria Garcia continued her great form by defeating Sherry Poplova at the Flushing Meadow Stadium on Monday night to claim the New York Ladies Championship.
Garcia beat Poplova in just one hour. She won the first set 6-0 and the second set 6-2. The crowd was supporting her all the way through. Poplova said after the match that she had a last-minute injury, so it was difficult for her to play.
Garcia has now beaten all the top players this year, and is looking forward to a rematch with Jennifer Barrens at the World Champions tournament in Seattle.
Where did the match take place?
Flushing Meadow Stadium
What did Garcia win?
The New York Ladies Championship
Who did Garcia beat?
Sherry Poplova.
Who was the crowd supporting?
Maria Garcia.
What did Poplova say after the match?
She had a last-minute injury.
Who will Garcia play again next match?
Jennifer Barrens.

Casting Agent: so, Shen, have you played a leading role before?
No, I haven't. But I did play a dead guy on TV earlier this year.
So can you tell me about some of your acting roles?
Well, I have had two important acting roles in my career so far. The first was back in China ten years ago. I played a teenager. And the second was playing that victim on Crime Scene Detective.
This is a science fiction movie - have you been in a science fiction movie?
No, I haven't. But I did watch a science fiction movie last week - it was great.
We are also going to be shooting some scenes in Florida. Have you been there before?
Yes, I have. I went to Florida for couple of weeks a few years ago. It was very hot.
OK, if you'd like to come this way for your auction ...

Shen hasn't played a leading role before now.
Shen played a dead guy on TV earlier this year.
Shen has had two important acting roles in his career so far.
Shen was a teenager in a role ten years ago.
Shen saw a science fiction movie last week.
Shen went to Florida a few years ago.

So, Marco, what are you going to do about your commercial?
I really don't know. What do you think?
Well, if were you, I'd re-shoot it.
Really? I don't have any hope that Todd will like it even if I do.
Then I would talk to Todd, if I were you. Ask him to give you clear direction.
There is just no truth taht the Sandwich Stacker is a good product. I don't think it's a good idea.
If I were you, I'd tell Todd that. Honesty is the best policy.
He'd probably fire me.
I'd see what he says first. I don't think he has enough courage to fire me.

Are you here for the audition?
Yeah.
I am, too.
I have never been to this casting office before.
Me neither.
Do you know how long they are holding audicitons for?
No.
Neither do I.
I need to study my character's lines.
I do too.
I like this script.
Me too.
Excuse me, I really need to learn this.
Same here.

Interview with David Decker
Hi, today we are joined by soccer star, David Decker. Welcome, David. I'd like to ask you a few questions about your sports career. How long have you played soccer as a professional?
I've been a professional soccer player, or football player as we say in England, for ten years.
When did you start playing?
I started when I was five, but I was very short then. I've grown since.
How many times have you played for England?
I've played for England fifty times now. My first game for England was four years ago. It was not a good game.
Really? Tell us what happened.
We lost to Holland 6-0.
Have you been to a World Cup tournament?
Yes, we went to the World Cup last year in France, but we lost the first and second games. So we were out of the tournament. I've never won a major championship.

Decker has been a professional soccer player for ten years.
Decker started playing soccer at five years old.
Decker grew when he was 5 years old.
Decker has played for England fifty times.
His team was beaten 6-0.
He went to the World Cup last year.
Decker has never won a World Cup tournament.

Sudbury Lions lose again
The Subdury Lions junior basketball team played the Oak Mount Tigers last night.
The Lions were ahead in the first half of the game but ended up being defeated in a strong second half from the Tigers. The score was 24-13.
With this defeat, the Lions have now lost all six games this session. And they play the undefeated Kingston Diamonds on Friday.
If they lose to the Diamonds, this would be their worst start to a season.
However, Lions manager Dave Sportan was confident that the Lions were improving.
If there improve enough to beat the Diamonds, as Sportan hopes, it would be a major surprise.

Football is my favorite sport, and I watch it a lot. Last night my favorite team, the Portland Pirates, won their football game against the Oregon Orioles at Portland Place Arena. It was an exciting game, and the score was 2-1.
This means that the Pirates have won the Northwest Soccer Championship for the first time. They have never won a championship, so it makes me very happy that they finally got their award. Also, the Pirates have never beaten the Orioles, so it was an exciting result.
The Pirates scored twice in the first half, and the Orioles got a last-minute goal to make the final score 2-1. There were many moments when the Orioles almost scored a goal, but the Pirates’ goalie was excellent. He was fast, and he was strong. The one goal the Orioles scored was just luck.
The Pirates are now going into the National Championships and will be playing the Ohio Dragons next. The Ohio Dragons are a very strong team, so the game will definitely be exciting.
Did I say how much I love football?!

Lesson 2
It's so exciting you have a leading role. You'll be famous. I can see it now. Being interviewd on the red carpet...
I think I need to practice. Interviews overwhelm me.
OK, let's practice So, Shen ,what made you decide to make Professor Whom?
Well, my friend Benny helped me get to the audition, and I really connected with the producers.
Critics are saying that it's the best science fiction movie ever.
I don't know about that
In the movie, you make the point that robots are as important as humans, right?
I don't know. Maybe you should talk to the director.
You mention the director - is he a genius like Benny?
, I don't konw. Yes? No? Wait, I am the director! What are you asking me?
Shen, you do need to practice being interviewed.

New York, NY - It was reported that there was a riot at the new Dan Blaze movie set downtown yesteray.
Police and emergency services were called when hundreds of fans appeared at the movie set. Someone said that a man was arrested for trying to start a riot but that he was later released. Police said he was "just some crazy English guy."
According to people at the scene, the man ran onto the set shouting and screaming. By Friday night, everything was calm again at the location. Dan Blaze was not present at the time of the incident.

Hi, Today's breaking news story. There is a fire at the City Museum. Joining us is the museum's director.
Hi, just want to say that the fire is under control and everyone is safe.
Good news to hear that everyone is safe. When were the emergency services called? 
We called the emergency services in the early hours this morning. We are now trying to find out how the fire started.
It is being reported that the fire was started on purpose by an eployee. Is this true?
I have heard this report but can not comment now.
OK, no comment on how the fire stared.
How many fire trucks are there now?
There are three trucks still here. They are doing a great job.
Thank you for the update. That was the director of the city museum joining us live ...

Our team is too small to finish the project.
The solution to this project is to hire more people.
The food in the cafeteria is disgusting
The problem can be solved by getting a new cook.
The employees don't know how to use the coffee machine.
The solution to this problem is to teach eployees how to use the machine.
The subways are not running today. I can't get to work.
The project was late. What can we do to prevent it in the future?
The issue can be prevented by starting on the project early next time.

The problem is Todd.
He said that the problem was Todd.
Todd is a terrible boss.
He said that Todd was a terrible boss.
I don't know what else to do.
He said he didn't know what else to do
I don't love my job.
He said that he didn't love his job.
I'm better than the company.
He said that he was better than the company.
I'll think about it.
He said that he would think about it. 

Have you auditioned before?
Yes, of course, many times. I'm a successful actor.
This is my first time here.
I come here all the time.
Oh, I see. I am also an actor. But maybe not so successful. The problem is I'm nervous about this audition.
You will be fine. The solution is to just relax and enjoy yourself.
Really?
Sure. The problem for me is talking too much. The answer is to chew gum. It stops me froming talking so much. Do you want some?
Thanks. Okay. I'm going to relax. And maybe I'll get another part.
Yes, I think you will be good as a victim.
I don't want to play another victim. I want a speaking role.
Good luck. They're calling me now.

The actor said he had auditioned many times.
Shen said he wasn't a successful actor.
Shen said that his problem was that he was nervous.
The actor said his solution was to chew gum.
The actor said his problem was talking too much.
Shen said he was going to relax.
Shen said he didn't want to play another victim.

What's the weather like there?
The news said it was going to rain all day.
What did you do last week?
I played football with some friends.
Is your job going to change?
Yes. My boss said I'd have a lot more work.
That's too bad.
It's OK. I really love what I do.
How is your family?
Everybody is really happy.
How is your job?
It's great. My boss said I'd get a raise soon.

This is John Rims reporting from the police station. This hour's breaking news story is the report that there was an incident at the football game last night. Joining us is the local police captain. Sir, what can you tell us?
Good morning. Yes, there was a football game last night. And there was some trouble.
It's reported that there was fighting and it lasted into the early hours of the morning.
No, that's not true. There was some trouble. But it didn't last very long.
Is it normal for there to be fighting at a soccer game in the city?
It was just kids who got over-excited. Nothing more. Parents should not be worried about this. Football games are usually very safe.
According some eyewitnesses, some people got hurt. Can you tell us if some people ended up in the hospital?
The emergency services were called but no. There was no one sent to sent to hospital.
OK, we'll leave it there. Thank you your time today.

To: Todd@companycompany.com
Subject: Project X issue
Todd,
As you know, you ask me to figure out possible problems with our top-secret Project X.
In brief, the problem is that the Project X is about to run out of money. So there are, as I see, three possible solutions to this problem.
The first possible solution is to cancdl the project. This would save 3.5 million and allow us to focus on other, less expensive projects. The issue could also be solved by creating a new budget for Project X. And the final possible solution is to make the project smaller and move some people to other projects.
My recommended solution to this budget problem is to approve a new budget. Project X is too imporatant for our company to cancel.
I look forward to hearing your views on this issue.
Best,
Rima
What is the problem?
The problem is the project X is about to run out of money.
What is Rima's first solution?
The first solution is to cancel the project.
What is Rima's second solution?
The second solution is to create a new budget.
What is Rima's lat solution to the issue?
His last solution is to make the project smaller.
What does Rima think the best solution to the budget problem is?
The recommended solution to the budget problem is to approve a new budget.
Why does Rima recommend this solution?
The project X is too important to cancel.

One of your problems could be how you communicate and share ideas. 
Because you have people located all over the world, it’s probably difficult for everyone to get together.
People probably don’t feel like they are part of the project because no one really talks to them directly. 
Also, I think a lot of the information gets lost in so many e-mails. 
Too many e-mails can cause people to get upset, and they might never look at them, so at the end, they don’t really know what’s going on.
One solution is to schedule a daily video meeting that everyone has to attend.
It doesn’t have to be long, but it could help people feel part of the project and improve the mood. 
Everyone would know what exactly is happening and what they need to work on next.
Another solution is to have new e-mail rules so you reduce the number of e-mails every day.
For example, you could have a rule that people should discuss small problems and issues on the phone instead of sending so many emails.
Also, make a rule that people should not send e-mails to large groups of people.
I hope this helps, and good luck with your project. 

Lesson 3
Young At Heart -Live Taping
CBA studio is taping an episode of the popular soap opera, Young At Heart, and you can come with it on June 25th. Don't miss it. Joan Stream is joining the show for only this season as Clarissa's lost sister.
This season's storyline is going to be exciting with lots of new and interesting moments, and you can be part of the action.
Tickets: General tickets are 15 per person. Student tickets are 5 per person.
Availability: You can reserve(保留) tickets online or buy them at the CBA studios. (9:30 am to 5:30 pm)
Seats: There are only 200 seats availabile, and we expect to sell all of them quickly.
There are two different ticket price categories. You can reserve your tickets online. There are only 200 hundred tseats, so you should buy your tickets in advance. You can buy the tickets in person at the studio, but they might not have enough by the time you get there. The availability of tickets is limited, and the sdudio expects that it will sell all the tickets. Joan Stream is a guest start in the show. This season's storyline is going to have many twists and turns.

I have been thinking. We should make our own movie.
I'm not sure that's such a good idea. What would be the movie about?
What about this book by Rex Masters? It's a gripping(激动人心的 grip抓住) read. I couldn't put it down.
So you think we should make an adaption of this bool - turn it into a movie?
That's right. Starring Shen in the lead role, of course. And directed by me.
Really? You would be behind the camera?
Sure, why not. It's guaranteed to be a blockbuster(一鸣惊人的电影/书) hit. It may even start a franchise(特许) - there could be three or four Rex Masters movies.

Did anyone see the last episode of Young At Heart last night? What did you think?
1 day ago
It was a real cliffhanger(悬念) - I can't wait for the next season. It was so surprised that Juantia turned out to be the villain. I always thought she was bad.
3 days ago
It was a big shock to me about Juanita. But she always seemed to have a secret. I felt sorry for Mauricio. When Juantita's secret was revealed, he was shocked. I loved the twists and turns of the episode.
tara 3 days go
Why isn't anyone talking about the stranger who appeared in the last minute? Who is he? What's his story? Is Ken Bloom, who played him, just a guest star on the show? I need to know now.

It's a pity we have to leave now. We really want to stay longer.
It's a mistake to quit your job so suddenly. It may take you a long time to find another job.
I was surprised that she complained to the boss about me. I will now have to explain to the boss what happened.
It's a shame that he had to cancel the show. I was really looking forward to hearing him sing.
It will be a thrill(兴奋 强烈的感觉 震撼感) to see her. 
It's a crime to let this food go to waste. Pass it to me. I'll eat it.
It's a shock that she left so quickly. She didn't even say goodbye.

Is it true?
Is what true?
Khae said that you were thinking of leaving.
I'm thinking about it, yes.
I think it would be a mistake to leave
Why? Todd won't miss me. That's for sure.
Yes, it's a pity that we have such a terrible boss.
It's a crime.
Okay, maybe you are right. But it's a shame to let Todd win.
What do you mean?
Well, if you leave, Todd will think he pushed you out.
I don't care what people here think.
What about us? It's a real pleasure to work with you.
It's a shame that you want to leave.
I know Aanya. But what can I do? I need to do something I enjoy. It's a mistake to stay here.
I know. But it's still a shock that you plan to quit.
Let's see what happens, OK?

Sorry, sir. Can I ask you a few questions?
Well, I'm walking to an auction. But yes, okay.
It won't take long. Whad do you do?
I'm an actor.
OK, thanks. Where do you work?
I'm not working anywhere right now, but I'm looking for a new acting job.
What would be your dream job?
My dream job? It would be starring in a blockbuster movie. As the leading man, of course.
Great. Thanks. Where do you live?
I live in that brown apartment building.
Okay, and last question. What do you do in your free time?
Well, I hang out with friends. Last week I was hanging out with Dan Blaze.
Really? Was that a dream?
NO, no. It was real.
OK. Thanks for your time. And say hello to Dan Blaze for me.

Wow, that was such a gripping movie.
Girpping is the right word. I couldn't take my eyes off it.
I couldn't take my eyes off Dan Blaze. All those stunts(特效).
You are right. He truly was amazing to do all those action scenes.
And the action secnes made it so much better than the book.
Yes, the book was a great read. But the movie was better, certainly.
The movie was also better because of the soundtrack(声带).
I agree. the music was pretty cool. I liked the song right at the end. Just perfect.
A perfect end to a perfect movie. And the popcorn wasn't bad either.

Best in Class 2
A new comedy from the team that brought you the original Best in Class blockbuster hit. This time Frank and Joe have to go back to school. You'll be laughing all evening.
Time of Action
From the Place for Action movie franchise(专营权), Don Luck stars in this cliffhanger set in London. The team needs to find where the bomb is hidden - and they have only 12 hours left. Don't miss this action-packed movie
Love in the Time of Summer
The romance with Lisa Aufait is set in Mexico in the 1970s. Audfait's character seaches through the streets of Mexico City to find her love. Check out this sweet movie an all of its romantic twists and turns.
The Beetle(甲虫) Man 3
Another in the movie franchise, this time the Beetle Man is up against his greatest villain yet. He needs to overcome a shock after he hears the truth about his past and find out who he really is. Cheer on the hero as he tries to defeat his evil opponent(对手). 
Difficult Decision
This thriller is set in Paris. A young woman comes to Paris on vacation and disappears. No one has seen her, and no one knows anything about her. A young man decided to look for her. The more he learns about her, the more shocket he is. The ending will leave you guessing. Be sure to watch this cliffhanger, and stay tuned(调整) for Part 2.

Book of the week: Rex Master, The Wrong Man
Review by Timmy Jones
This is a gripping reaad from start to finish. Trust me, it's a mistake to think you'll be able to put it down. You won't. I was glued to this book for two days. Rex Master is a great author and he provides a plot with many twists and turns.
The book follows the adventures of the lead character Tony as he seeks the truth about the secret group that is following him. Each chapter ends with a cliffhanger. It's almost a crime to stop. You just have to know what happens next. There is so much action, it's a shame that no one has adapted his books into movies.
This has become a bit of a franchise for Masters - there are already three books in this series, and he's planning to write four more. It's just a pity to have to wait another one. But for now, buy this book and read it today -- you won't be disappointed.
What book is Timmy reviewing?
He is reviewing "The Wrong Man" by Rex Masters.
What does Timmy think about the book?
He thinks it would be hard to put it down and that it's a gripping read.
How does Timmy feel about the fact no one has turned the books into movies?
He thinks it's a shame that no one has adapted his books into movies.
How many books are there in the series?
There are seven books in the series.

Last week, I went to the theater to see Mission Improbable 10. I reserved the tickets online, and then I picked them up at the box office. Good thing I did. They sold all the tickets. The movie theater was packed. The movie is part of the famouse Dan Blaze franchise, It featured Dan and his characters family trying to escape from jail for a crime they didn't commit. It was action-packed, and there was a big shock right in the middle. The storyline wasn't that great; I didn't like the actor who played the villain. But the acting was great, and the special effects were amazing. You could tell this was a very expensive movie to make. I think Dan Blaze is amazing. so while the storyline wasn't great, I still had a great evening at the movies. Be sure to check this out. I recommend it. It's fun to watch it if you like action movies. I think it's one of the best action movies this year.

t
