How do Sofi's firends feel after the meal?
They all think she is a great chef.
What does Sofi offer at the end of the meal?
Dessert.
Everyone laughs at Benny because his white clothes got dirty.
What do Sofi's friends give her as they leave her apartment?
Money.
Why does Sofi fell sad after she counts her money?
She spent more money than she made at her restaurant.

You should consider wearing black next time.

I think white is a bad choice.
You should consider wearing black next time.
Imagine working in a kitchen, you get very dirty.
Should I start serving dessert?
I'm so full I don't know if I can eat it.
If he won't, I look forward to eating his.
Everything tonight was amazing.
Thank you all so much for coming tonight.

He avoided doing his chores(日常事务) all weekend.
Can I start driving now?
I will consider applying for the position.
Claudia can't imagine living in a big house by herself.
My father enjoys playing the guitar on the weekends.
Today we finished working at 5:00.

I have to get up early, so I will sleep soon.

It's getting late, so I should go home.
I'm full, so I won't eat dessert.
I don't like wearing white clothes, because they get dirty quickly
I will start serving dinner, because I am hungry.
You are a talented actor, so you'll be famouse one day.
I enjoy cooking for my friends, because they enjoy eating my food.

Have you considered buying a new suite?

Look at my white suite, it's dirty. What can I do?
I think it will help you if you try to wash it right away. I can help you. First, put your clothe in cold water.
What should I do next?
I think you should put some soap on your clothe to make them clean.
Thanks. I hope it works. I really like wearing this white suite.
Have you considered buying a black suite?
I have been thinking of going shopping for new cloth, since I'm looking for a new job. Is a black suite better than a white one?
Well, I think a black suite is more modal, and it might help you look professional for an interview.
Why can't I wear my white suite to interview?
I think wearing white suite going to a dinner party is fine, but they get dirty quickly.
You are right. The food is not coming off.
I have to do laundry, so give me your suite. I enjoy doing the laundry.

I enjoyed cooking dinner for you all.

How can I become better at spelling?
I think you should read more bookis because seeing words can help you remember how they are spelled
Have you considered traveling around the world?
I think I need to go on vacation, I'm so exhausted from work.
Can we eat now? I'm so hungry I don't know if I can wait.
I can't imagine cooking for 50 people! You must have a big kitchen.
My boss wants to help me with this project.
I have to work harder if I want to buy a new house.
My mother agreed to give me some money.

Book Review
Most authors choose to write in a single genre(文学), but Jane Marple has written many differenent styles of books. Marple first found success with non-fiction. Her cookbooks have taught milliions of people how to cook Frech-Canandian cuisine(菜肴). Her books on Canandian history are also very popular. Recently, Marple also found success with fiction. Her romance booki, Cassandra's Love Story, sold over five million copies last year. In her latest book, The Dinner Party, Marple tries a new genre: mystery. With this, Marple follows the usual style. There is a crime, which the hero of the sotry is trying to solve. Marple gives readers a series of clues, which they can use to try to guess the booki's secret.

The Dinner Party is set in Montreal, Canada, in 1919. The hero and most important character is Mathieu Larue, a famous detective of the Canadian Mounted Police The book starts with Larue attending a dinner party at the luxury home of Dominique Jacquet. At her party, Jacquet shows off a beautiful ncklace, which she just bought for ten million dollars. However, during the meal, the lights in the dining room go out, When they come back on, the necklace is missing. Larue uses his police skills to discover who stole the necklace. In the end, of course, Larue solves the mystery He announces the name of the person who stole the jewelry and arrests the villain(罪犯，小说戏曲种的反面人物).
The most important quality of any mystery story is the plot(故事情节,布局)--the series of events that form the story. With this, Marple does well, As things happen, we learn more about the characters and come closer to solving the mystery. This is exciting. However, the ending is a little predictable. A careful reader will notice the clues and guess the secret before the end. The setting of the story is interesting. With her background in history, Marple has given the book a strong feeling of time and place. It really makes the reader experience what life was like for the rich in Montreal in 1919. Marple also is very good at wrting amusing dialogue. The character's funny conversations will make you laugh out loud.
Overall, The Dinner Party is an excellent mystery. If you are looking for a fun, exciting story, The Dinner Party is a good book to sit down to.

What kinds of books does Jane Marple write?
All kinds.(Romance and mystery/Only non-fiction)

What type of book is The Dinner Party?
Non-fiction(Mystery/Romance)

The Dinner Party is a mystery about a crime(an event/a marriage)

What did Jane Marple do well?
She wrote an exciting plot(She wrote a surprising ending./She wrote serious conversations)

What did the book reviewer complain about regarding The Dinner Party?
The ending was not surprising(The dialogue was too funny/The characters were not interesting)

The story is set in New York.

I really like the characters in the book because they seem like real people.
The plot has so many confusing events, so I don't understand it.
You will be really surprised when you read the ending.
The dialogure between the characters was good because their conversations were interesting.
He loves reading stories tha are set in the future.
Children might be scared when they read about this terrible villain and his dog.
The first chapter will get your attention because it starts with a scary scene.
Mathew Plumber is such a brave, strong hero.

This the best TV show I have ever seen.

Shelly Davidson's new novel is about a group of teenagers who try to stop a robbery.
The plot is very amusing(有乐趣的) and always keeps the reader's attention.
The story is set in a small town in India in 1975.
The genre of this book is both mystery and romance, so many readers will like it.
The characters' dialogue was so amusing and the ending wasn't predictable.
My favorite scene is when the heros stop the villain.
I waS surprised to learn that the story was non-fiction. It was a true story in the author's life.

Let me introduce you to a talented new writer and director, Marty Sullivan, from Los Angeles.
He has written and directed four films. He usually prefers plots with crime, action and mystery. His characters are often strong heros and terrible villains. However, his newest and best movie, One For All, is totally different than these films.
The movie is a romance about a man who is in love with his beautiful wife and three children, but knows he is seriously ill and will die in three months. He decides not to tell his family, but spends his last months giving them amazing experiences that they will never forgt.
The movie is set in Italy, France, and England in 2015, so the scenes of nature, culture, and old buildings are really beautiful to see. I also enjoyed watching the characters grow and develp as people as a family. These people seem real and I liked them all. The main character changes from being a sad, sick man to a strong hero for his family. Also, there is a great twist at the end of the story that really surprised me -- it made me laugh and cry! The ending is not predictable and it will get everyone's attention.
The only thing I didn't like about the movie was the music. It was too strange and modern. I think Sullivan should have used softer, more traditional music that would work better with the scenes, plot, and dialogue of the actors.
Overall, I would recommend One For All to everyone. Even if you don't usually watch romance films, I think you will really appreciate the plot, characters, setting, and writing of this story. Marty Suliivan is becoming one of Hollywood's most successful new artists and I'm sure he will win an award for this amazing movie.

I really enjoy the ending of the book.
The genre of the TV show is action.
The first scene of the movie begins with a car chase in a shopping mall.
What did you think of the romance novel?
It was OK, but I didn't like the male character.
I have never heard of this book and I don't know what it is about. I hope the first paragraph of the review will explain the genre and general story.
What did you think of the 1658 setting in the mystery?
Overall, I would recommend this novel to any of my friends.(I learned a lot about Europe's hisotry through this book)
Could you please write one paragraph to describe the setting and another paragraph to talk about the main characters.
I thought the ending was predictable. I like exciting plots.
This author always writes amusing dialogue for his characters to say.
