Cougratulations, Shen. I heard you finished the movie.
We did.
That's great. But now you need to look after yourself a bit more.
You're right. I am hungry.
And drink some water.
Yes, I am thirsty. I need to stay hydrated.
And when was the last time you got a good night's sleep?
I know. I'm so exhausted. I feel terrible.
Are you growing a beard?
I'll shave. After the food and the sleep.
No, first you need to shower. You smell nasty. Shen. Use my soap if you want - it'll help you get clean. Comb your hair. And brush your teeth with some toothpaste.
I know. I really don't feel well. I have a backache from carrying all the heavy equipment.
OK. Go clean up. I'll get you some painkillers for your pain. After you get some sleep, you'll feel much better.
Thanks. Benny. You are a good friend.

troops - a group of soldiers or police
peacekeeping force - a person or people who make sure two sides in a conflict don't fight.
soldier - a member of the army
mafia - a group of criminals in organized crime
commander - a person in charge of a group of soldiers.
cease-fire - when two sides in a conflict decide to stop fighting.

Shen: Hi, doc. Can you tell me what's wrong?
Doc: I can, but I need to ask you some questions first. Do you suffer from headaches?
Shen: No, not really.
Doc: And if I do this ... is that painful?
Shen: No, no pain.
Okay. Do you have any problems with eating or sleeping?
Not really, but I have been really busy shooting a movie.
I see. So what's wrong, Shen? What are your symptoms?
Well, I'm tired and I don't have any energy. Do I have a terrible disease?
No, I don't think so. I think you have worked too hard. A bit of rest and you'll be fine.
So I don't need an operation?
No, Shen. No one is going to operate on you. Just go home and get some proper sleep.

Shen, baby. This is Marti leaving you a voicemail message. Hope you are good. Someone said you looked ill? So, have you finished the movie yet? How's LIzzie - is she still difficult to work with? I'm still looking for new acting roles for you, by the way. But I'm guessing you still have to edit that movie of yours - is it still called "Professor Whom"? Terrible title. Anyway, I haven't found any new acting jobs for you yet but I'll keep trying, okay? So please stop calling me. I'll call you when I have some good news, but there's nothing just yet. Get some rest, Shen baby. Talk soon.

Has she finished getting ready yet?
No, she hasn't finished getting ready.

Are you still sleepy?
No, I'm not sleepy anymore.

Have you written to her yet?
Yes, I've written to her.

Are you still ill?
No, I'm not ill anymore.

Has the email arrived yet?
Yes, the email has just arrived.

Do you still have the flu?
No, I don't have the flu anymore.

Is it done yet?
Yes, it's finally done.

Do you think the cease-fire is a good thing?
In my opinion, it is not going to work.

What is your opinion on the crime rate in this country?
Well, the crime rate is rising, so it makes me feel worried for my family's security.

How do you feel about the safety of the streets in this city?
I do feel safe on the streets - even at night.

Can you tell me more about your opinion on the conflict?
Well, I think the conflict is causing a major refugee problem.

What are your thoughts on organized crime in the downtown neighborhoods?
I don't think it's a big problem downtown, so I'm not sure it's very well organized.

Do you agree that troops shold be sent into the conflict?
NO, I don't think we should send troops. We should be looking for a cease-fire.

How are you feeling?
I'm not feeling great. I've had this cold for two weeks.
Colds can last for two weeks or longer. How did you feel at the beginning?
Well, when it first started I had a headache and a stuffy nose.
Did you take any painkillers for the headache?
Yes, I did, but the headaches are still happening.
So you are still have headaches. What other symptoms do you have?
Today I have a very sore throat and my ears are very painful.
Those symptoms mean it's not just a common cold. I'm going to give you this medicine.
Thanks, doc. How long before the illness goes away?
It should be gone in three to four days. If it hasn't, come back and see me.


The crime in my city is getting worse. The crime rate has increased every year and the police haven’t done much to stop it yet. There are some downtown areas of the city that aren’t safe. I would still not walk on the street at night because I’m scared of being robbed. I think more money should be spent on the police, and more time spent solving crimes. There are many robberies that have not been solved yet, and the criminals are still walking around. Last week, criminals broke into a house in the next street. They stole computers and other expensive things. I’m worried because it could be my house next.

Have you heard back from any of the investors yet?
No, not yet. I sent emails to a dozen people, but I haven't had a reploy. I have requested appointments, so now we just wait.
That's disappointing. Maybe they think we are untrustworthy?
No, I don't think so. We just need to give them some time. I will check on that again tomorrow.
So what do we do now?
I think we should design a logo for our company.
Good. Do you have any ideas?
I think it should look serious and memorable.
Maybe I can draw a few options and then we can choose.
Thanks, Khae, but I think we should invite a design company to work with us on it.
Good idea. I'll email a few companies and see if they are interested in working with us.

Dear Mr. Jones,
Thank you for your email and for requesting to meet on the fifth of next month. I regret to say that I am unavailable on this day as I have to travel to Canada for some essential business.
Would it be possible to reschedule this meeting for the 7th instead? I am very interested in meeting with you. Can you please send me some documents I can look at before our meeting? Also, is there a chance you could send me some images of the product you are desgining? I would love to see them.
Apologies for this and thank you in advance for your understanding.
I look forward to meeting with you.
Sincerely yours,
Sally Davids

He shouted at me.
He is always shouting at me.
She yelled at me.
She is always yelling at me.
My boss talked a lot.
My boss is always talking a lot.
You lost your phone again.
You are always losing your phone.
He handled in his weekly report late again.
He is always handling his weekly report late.
He came in late this morning and missed the meeting.
He is always coming in late and missing the meeting.
It's going to rain on the weekend again.
It's always raining on the weekend.

Hi, Aanya. How are you?
Hi, Khae. Thanks for calling. I'm feeling a bit better. That was quite some morning. My brain did not move quickly enough to take it all in.
I know - it happened fast. Todd was yelling at me and then ... I quit
And I didn't know what to do. It was all happening too fast to understand.
Sorry.
You know? I need the money too much to quit, but I wish I didn't.
And I wish I were thinking calmly enough to make a proper decision. But what's done is done. I can't stay here. Todd has shouted at me too often to stay.
And I arrived too late to stop you. So you and Marco have both quit. Wow.
I know.

Have you talked to the boss yet?
No, I haven't. I'll talk to him after I have some lunch.

Have you read the email yet?
No, I haven't. When I get to work, I'll read it.

Has Sally left for her vacation yet?
No, she'll leave right after she hands in her report.

Has he found a new job yet?
NO, he still hasn't found a job. He'll need to get one before he runs out of money.

Have you picked a new name for you company yet?
No, we haven't. We'll do it after we get money from investors.

Have you eaten dinner yet?
Not yet. After I finish watching this show, I'll make dinner.

I'm not sure what to say to him.
Why don't you tell him you won't speak to him until he stops yelling at you?

How do I tell her?
You could try telling her that she'll  need to have more training before she can talk to customers?

I don't know how to invite him.
How about this - will you come to our party after you finish work?

Do you think I should complain about this?
Yes, definitely. Tell them that you will write a letter of complaint as soon as you get home.

Can I say that I'll write again when I have more information?
Yes, you can. That will work.

How do I say that I'm not happy with his behavior?
Perhaps you can say he should think before he speaks next time?

Dear Mr. Nakayama,
To begin, thank you very much for your email of the 16th. My apologies for not replying sooner.
I would have replied, but I was attending a conference on the West Coast.
Now that I'm back, I unfortunately will have to decline your invitation to meet in New York at the end of the month.
While we are always looking for new companies to work with, we are not looking to invest in new companies at this time. There would be no point in meeting.
If our position changes, however, I'll certainly get back to you.
To conclude, I wish you every success with your new company.
Sincerely,
Phoebe Smarts, CEO

To: marco@whoohoo.com
Subject: Re: Investment Opportunity
Dear Marco,
Thank you for your e-mail.
I would very much like to meet with you and your partner, Khae, to discuss your new company. I’m sorry to say that I’m out of town on the 24th, so I won’t be able to meet then. If you talk to my assistant, she’ll arrange a meeting after the 24th.
Before we meet, I’ll need to know a little bit more information about your company. Do you have a name or a company logo yet? Until this is decided, it’ll be difficult to raise any serious investment.
Are you still looking for a sole investor? I can introduce you to about a dozen different people. As soon as you let me know, I’ll contact some of my investor colleagues.
I look forward to hearing back from you, and to meeting up in the near future.
All the best,
Philip Singer
Fidelity Partner Investments

Philip is sorry to say that he doesn't want to meet with Marco to discuss the new company.
Philip is unable to meet with Marco and Khae on the 24th.
Marco should contact Philip's assistant to schedule a meeting.
Philip thinks Marco should decide on a name and a logo for their new company after they get investment.
Philip offers to ask other investors to give money to Marco's company.
Philip will be waiting to hear back from Marco.

Question: 
I’m always getting e-mails inviting me to meetings or to attend conference calls. But I have no time! How do I politely say “no” to all these invitations? Sam.
Best answer: 
It is a common problem, Sam. There are only 24 hours in a day, and yet we get so many invitations to meetings, calls, and conferences. Our inbox can be full of them – and they are always demanding a response. So rather than always ignoring them, here’s a couple of quick tips:

1. If you are always getting annoying invitations from people you don’t know, it is fine to say: “Please do not contact me again.” Or: “Please remove my name from your database.” This makes it very clear they shouldn’t be bothering you.
2. If you are always receiving urgent invitations from other employees when you are busy, it is okay to tell them politely that they should look at your calendar and find a time that is free.
3. And finally, if you really can’t attend a meeting or you don’t think it’s important, encourage them to meet anyway: “Please meet without me.” Or “Please let me know the results of your meeting.” As we know, it’s always irritating to be at a meeting when you are not really needed!
David

What is always happening to Sam? Why it is a problem?
He is always getting invitations to meetings and he doesn't know how to politely decline them.
What does David think about Sam’s problem? 
He thinks it’s a common problem.
What is the first piece of advice that David gives?
It’s okay to ask people not to contact you again. 
What is David’s second piece of advice? 
You should ask your colleagues to check your calendar and find a time that is free.
What is David’s final piece of advice? 
You can ask people to meet without you.
What does David think is always irritating?
David thinks it’s always irritating to be at a meeting you don’t need to attend.


To: manager@newtech.com
From: PHummer@techsolu.com
Subject: Invitation
Dear Sir/Madam,
We are a new tech company, and we would like to invite you to a presentation of our company. This presentation will be held at CityPlaza on the 16th of next month.
As an important person in this industry, we very much hope you can attend this presentation. If you can attend, it will be great to discuss our new project and how we can possibly work together. If you can’t attend, perhaps we can set up a separate meeting?
We look forward to hearing from you.
Patricia Hummer
TechSolu

Dear Ms. Hummer,
Thank you for your email.
Unfortunately, I won’t be able to attend your company’s presentation on the 16th.  I will be on a business trip to San Francisco at this time.
However, I am very interested in your new company, so I would like to schedule another meeting. Are you available at the end of next month? Please email me more information about your company. We will not be able to make any decisions until we know more about your projects. Please let us know exactly what you do and your plans for expanding your business.
I hope your presentation goes well.
All the best,
Pete Dyer

In the USA, there are a lot of immigrants who came from many different countries for work or education.
A customs office will check your documents to see if you have to pay a fee for bring things into the country.
Many refugees came to Europe to avoid war and conflict in their own country.
If you are crossing the border, you must show your passport.
You cant work in this country if you don't have a work visa.
The security at the airport will not let you in without a passport.

Hi, Sofi. Can I just ask you a few questions?
Sure.
I just wanted to confirm - you have a work visa, right? I mean it's legal for you to work here.
Yes, they put one into my passport. Do you want to see it?
No, it's okay. I just know we can get into troubles if we employ immigrants without proper ducments.
Well, I'm completely legal. I went through customers and it was fine. And I've done other jobs here.
Okay - that sounds good. Just wanted to make sure you weren't a refugee from another country.
I'm from France - I don't think we produce many refugees.
But were you nervous at the border?
No, not really. They were really nice. But the customs patrol did have big scary dogs. I like cats better.
Right, well, get back to work.

Does he work hard?
he seems to work hard.

Is he busy?
He appears to be busy.

Do they like to talk to each other?
They love to talk to each other.
What sports do you like to play?
I like to play baseball.

Why is he here?
He's supposed to be here.

Why is he sweating?
He appears to be hot.

Did the boss make him work late?
No, he wants to work late.

What time are you arriving in Beijing?
I expect to arrive in Beijing at 9:00 am.

Ah, this movie is never going to be finished.
You'll be fine. What still needs to be done?
The movie needs to be edited. I wish I knew a good editor.
What else?
The soundtrack needs to be created. Do you know any good musicians?
I can play the drums.
No, thanks. And then the credis need to be written.
I can help write credits.
Thanks, Benny. And then all the marketing material needs to be designed.
You have a lot to do ... But I think you are missing one important thing.
What's that?
Well, you need to get your money back. So the movie needs to be sold.


the用于表示世界上独一无二的事物，以及表示江河，海洋，山脉，群岛，沙漠等地理名称前。
如：the Yangtse River（长江）
the Pacific Ocean 太平洋
the Rocky Mountains 洛基山脉
the Philippine Islands 菲律宾群岛
the Sahara Desert 撒哈拉沙漠
海岛和山峰以及湖泊等地理名称前一般不用冠词，例如：
Taiwai Island 台湾岛
Mount Jolmo Lungma 珠穆朗玛峰
Lake Michigan 密执安湖
但是与of连用的这类词要加定冠词。如
the Lake of Geneva 日内瓦湖
the Island of Taiwai 台湾岛

How was your vacation?
It was great. We really enjoyed ourselves in the United Kingdom.

Did your sister have a good time?
No, she didn't. She hurt herself climbing in the Alps. The emergency services had to come and help her.

What is Benny doing?
He's entertaining himself by swimming in the Atlantic Ocean.

What did you do?
We went on a river cruise on the Thames - that was great.

Are you sure the TV is not working?
Look at it yourself. I'm telling you, it's broken.

Are you sure we shouldn't design our logo ourselves?
Definitely. It's too important.



One World Trade Center
This building in New York City was opened on November 3, 2014, and it is the tallest skyscraper in the western part of the world.  
Construction began in 2006 with the foundations. In April 2012, it became the tallest building in New York City, and in August of that year the steel structure was completed. In May of the following year, 2013, it reached its final height of 1776 feet. 
 On November 1, 2014, moving trucks were seen at the building as the first companies moved in
. The view from the building is spectacular with views of the East River and the Hudson:w
 River, Central Park, and beyond. 

One World Trade Center
This building in New York City was opened on November 3, 2014, and it is the tallest skyscraper in the western part of the world.
Construction began in 2006 with the foundations. In April 2012, it became the tallest building in New York City, and in August of that year the steel structure was completed. In May of the following year, 2013, it reached its final height of 1776 feet.
On November 1, 2014, moving trucks were seen at the building as the first companies moved in. The view from the building is spectacular with views of the East River and the Hudson River, Central Park, and beyond.

Customs and Border Instructions
The rules have changed – please read these instructions carefully:
From August 1, form 54B needs to be completed when entering the country. The form needs to be completed with black pen before seeing the border agent.
All passports need to be opened to the photograph for inspection by border agents.
Photographs will need to be taken when entering the country. The border agent at the desk will tell you on how to do this.
All hats and sunglasses need to be removed before seeing the border agent.
Any immigrants who do not have the correct visa should contact a border agent as soon as they exit the plane/boat/train.
After passport control, bags need to be collected as quickly as possible and the customs card B45 needs to be given to the customs officer.

Form 54B needs to be completed before August 1
False
You have to write in black on form 54B.
True
The border agents must inspect the photograph page on all passports.
True
Hats should be taken off before approaching the border agent.
True
Immigrants without the correct visa should go to customs.
False
After completing the passport check, passengers should collect their bags.
True
You need to give the customs card B45 to the border agents.
False


A Very Short History of the Skyscraper
One of the most important inventions for the development of the skyscraper was the elevator – without an elevator, buildings wouldn’t be very tall! The first elevator was put in a department store in New York City in 1857.

In 1885, the first steel structure was used – for a 10-floor building in Chicago. And so the first modern skyscraper was born. The buildings then just got taller and taller, until the Empire State Building became the first with over 100 floors in 1931. The Empire State was the tallest in New York City until 1972.

In 1998 Malaysia finished the Petronas Twin Towers. They became the world’s tallest buildings. The towers are linked by a sky bridge. In 2010, the Burj Khalifa in Dubai became the tallest building in the world, but many more skyscrapers are planned. It is possible that in ten years, skyscrapers could be a mile high.

This radio show is on Doc Radio.
Careth suffers from colds two or three times a year.
Gareth should drink a lot of water to stay hydrated.
Melinda has a scar on her arm.
Melinda should not touch the scar.
Boris is having problems from a sore back.
Boris feels worse by Friday.
Boris needs to  bend his legs when picking things up.

I started hammering a piece of wood, but then the foreman came out and shouted at us.
The foreman said the project needed to be finished really quickly.
I was ready to start work after the foreman left, but the other workers said they were supposed to have lunch first.
After lunch, some of the workers helped me to practice hammering nails.
They seemed to be laughing at me, so I wanted to show them I could be a good construction worker.
To show them, I started to hanmmer, but I missed the nail.
Instead I hit my fingers with the hammer. That's how I hurt myself.
Now my fingers are hurt, and I am really angry with myself because I wanted to show them I could be a good worker.
Do you think my fingers will be okay?

One of the most important inventions for the development of the skyscraper was the elevator – without an elevator, buildings wouldn’t be very tall! The first elevator was put in a department store in New York City in 1857.
In 1885, the first steel structure was used – for a 10-floor building in Chicago. And so the first modern skyscraper was born. The buildings then just got taller and taller, until the Empire State Building became the first with over 100 floors in 1931. The Empire State was the tallest in New York City until 1972.
In 1998 Malaysia finished the Petronas Twin Towers. They became the world’s tallest buildings. The towers are linked by a sky bridge. In 2010, the Burj Khalifa in Dubai became the tallest building in the world, but many more skyscrapers are planned. It is possible that in ten years, skyscrapers could be a mile high.


What is the article about?
The article is about the history of the skyscraper.

When was the first elevator put in a building? 
It was installed in 1857.

When and where was the first steel structure used? 
It was used in 1885 in a 10-floor building in Chicago.

Which building had over 100 floors? 
The Empire State Building in New York City was built in 1931 and had over 100 floors.

How long was the Empire State Building the tallest building in New York City? 
It was the tallest building in New York City for 41 years.

What is special about the Petronas Twin Towers? 
They became the world’s tallest buildings in 1998. A sky bridge links the Petronas Twin Towers.

How tall could skyscrapers be in the future? 
Skyscrapers could be over a mile high in ten years.


The Shard is a new building in London, on the South Bank of the River Thames. It is called The Shard because it looks like a piece of glass. It has 87 floors, and it is the tallest building in the UK and in the whole European Union. It is a beautiful and very elegant skyscraper. It has changed the London skyline completely.
 
Planning for the building started in 1998, but construction started in 2009. The Shard was completed almost exactly three years later.  A hotel on the upper floors was opened in 2014. In an addition to the hotel, there are offices and restaurants in the building.
 
There is also an observation deck on the 72nd floor. You can see most of the city of London from the observation deck. It is really amazing.


