She is a pretty old French woman.
Neither can I.
If I were you, I'd be happier.
This lobster is so yummy.
Jack is cooking the dinner all by himself.
Felicia is a soldier.
She can't possibly come over tonight because she is out of town.
One example of this problem is the poor economy.

Lora has an expensive old blue wooden mirror that she bought at an antique shop.

Rith Mali has long curly black hair that she brushes every morning and evening.

Ananda loves that delicious spicy Thai dish his grandmother makes.

Wouldn't Anouk love to have that new silver sports car?

Jason is a tall young American basketbll player.

Did Sid find a cute little brown dog?

Jannike bought a beautiful Italian leather purse from the mail.

Tammy would hate to eat that huge greasy sandwich.

Although I love going to the pool in the summer, I really can't swim that well.
Neither can I.

Ted is going on vacation to the coast of Fiji this year.
So am I.

I really don't want to go camping this weekend in this freezing weather.
I don't either.

I love to eat seafood and my favorite kind is grilled sole with butter and lemon.
Same here.

If I were you, I would look my best.
I'd pay this stuff if I had the money

Will you be able to film later this week?
I want to be able to pay you back until we sell the film.

The lobster looks mouth-watering. I can't wait to try it.
This sauce for the Thai noodles has lots of peppers and it is quite hot and spicy.
I like to drink tap water when I'm thirsty, but it really is rather tasteless.
The pasta dish is OK, but it's a bit bland. It needs more sauce or salt.
My lemon drink is too sweet. There's too much sugar in it.
The grilled chicken tasted disgusting. It wasn't cooked properly and the insde was pink.

Angela repeated herself because her co-workers didn't hear what she was saying.
Jackie and Ethan enjoyed themselves at their birthday party. Their birthdays are on the same day.
I made a big mistake on the project, and I blame myself for being so careless.
Jared told himself that he wasn't a professional speaker when he made mistakes on his presentation.
My mom injured herself with a sharp knife while she was cooking for the dinner guests.
The problem is with the employees not the company itself.
Maria was so exhausted from working on the new marketing project that she gave herself a break when it was over.

Did you hear the news about the war?
Yes, both countries agreed to stop fighting.
Finally, after ten years.
It's all because of the military leaders from both countries. They told their troops to stop fighting even before there was an agreement. They wanted the battles to stop, so people in their countries can finally live safely without war.
And the men listened. One soldier told a reporter that both sides were standing right in front of each other but no one did anything. They didn't fight.
I know. After that important moment, the leaders from both countries agreed to stop fighting permanently.
And four months later, they made an agreement to create a group with members from both countries to make sure there's no more fighting.

How long has the conflict been going on?
Ten years.
What did the commanders tell their men?
to stop fighting.
What did one soldier tell a reporter?
The troops didn't fight.
What did the military leaders of both countries decide to do?
They decided to have a cease-fire.
What did both countries create?
They created a peacekeeping force.

Tom probably went to bed late last night. I just saw him and he looks really exhausted.
The military leaders definitely asked for a cease-fire between the troops.
Jun can't possibly be in another country. I just saw him at the supermarket and spoke to him.

A: I heard that Oliva might lose her job as head chef at Nahla's restaurant, but I don't understand how that could possibly happen.
B: Me neither. She is such a hard worker. SHe does a lot for the restaurant, too.
A: I know. One example is that she stays late at the restaurant every day to work on new recipes. She's creative and a really great cook.
She is. For example, the dishes she comes up with are beautiful to look at and they taste amazing.
Well, I don't think Olivia and Nahla get along.
I agree. For example, I think Nahla is jealous because all the customers love Olivia.
Maybe once she figures out how much she made this month she won't mind Olivia so much.
I really hope so. I don't know what I would do without her yummy meals.


