Why was Khae late to meet Marco?
There were a lot of cars on the road.

How did Kae get to the restaurant?
By taxi.

What food does Khae not like?
Vegetables.

What type of food does Marco order?
Fish.

The grapefruit is very fresh.

I prefer still water over sparkling.

Cola is my favorite soft.

Sparkling water has bubbles.

The orange juice is fresh-squeezed.

What kind of fruit juice would you like?

I'd like some tap water please.

The grapefruit juice is sour.

I usullay have a glass of still water with dinner.

He often orders a soft drink at the movies.

I make fresh-squeezed orange juice in the morning.

Sparkling water is healthier than cola.



Why does Shen stop filming?
Lizzie forgets what to say.
Lizzie thinks they need more food.
Why is one of the crew going to faint?
He's very tired.
Lizzie can't have a trailer because Shen doesn't have enough money to buy one.

That's why you are speaking far less slowly.
That's why the lights are being set up far less quickly.
We can't afford a trailer. That's why you don't have one.
That's what you need to do.

Can you see that building? That's where I went to school.
I don't have enough money. That's why I can't go to the movies tonight.
I can give you some money on Friday. That's when I get paid.
I love pizza. That's what I want to eat every day.
Do you see the man wearing the scarf? That's who is directing the movie.

Do you want me to speak a bit more loudly?
I want you to remember your lines far more successfully.
These responsibilities have come a lot more quickly than I expected.
I want to argue with you much more loudly, but I don't have the energy.
Could you speak a little more quietly please?
We are all tired. That's why the lights are being set up far less quickly.

He left class today a bit suddenly.
I did slightly successfully than I expected on m y test.
You need to speak a lot more loudly.
I want him to play his music a little less loudly.

Do you want me to speak a bit more loudly?

What do you want to do today?
We need to go shopping.
What do we need to buy?
We need vegetables, meats, and spaghetti. That's what I need to make pasta(意大利面试).
Are you sure you want to cook again? The last time you made pasta, you didn't cook successfully.
That's because I didn't have the right ingredients. This time I know exactly what I need.
Do you want to go to the small store near the house? 
No, I want to go to the big supermarket downtown. That's where we can get good discounts.

Do you want me to play it a bit more quietly?

This car costs too much money. That's why we can't buy it.
You music is very loud. Sorry, Do you want me to play it a bit more quietly?
No. I want you to play it a lot more quietly.
I come from New York. 
Really? That's where I was born.
Can you speak a bit more loudly? It's hard to hear you.
Can you meet me next Friday?
No, sorry. That's when I go on vacation.
How was your test?
It was really good. I did much more successfully than I expected.
We need to be at the bus stop before 3 o'clock.
Why?
Because that's what time the movie starts.
Is it faster to take the bus or the subway?
They are about the same. I think we will get there only slightly less slowly if we take the bus.

Why does Shen have so much work to do?
The director left the movie.
Why dose Shen apologize to the crew?
It's not easy to make the movie.
Shen says he can pay the crew after people buy the movie.
Why do they need to go downstairs?
They need to shoot the final scene.

I was cooking dinner when you called me.
I was testing when you said that.
I was explaining that when you interrupted me
We were preparing to yell Professor Whom when you flushed the toilet.

I was watching TV when the phone rang.
I was talking to you when you interrupted me.
He was trying to finish his homework when the teacher came in.
They were acting on the set when the director yelled "cut".
I was already eating my dinner when the phone rang.
We were watching TV when my brother ran into the room and told us to come with him.
We were driving along the highway when the car suddenly stopped.
She was taking a bath when someone rang the doorbell.
The students were packing up their things when the teacher told them to stop.
He was working alone in the basement when the lights turned off.
The waiter was carrying a plate when he dropped it and the food went everywhere.
We were in the elevator when it suddenly stopped.

I was running when an animal jumped in front of me.

Hi, A, how are you?
I'm not good. I broke my arm.
Oh, how did you do that?
Well, I was watching a movie about aliens when I heard a noise.
Do you mean a nosie on the TV?
No, the noise was coming from upstairs.
So what did you do?
Well, I was walking upstairs when my cat ran down.
And then what happend?
I trapped on the cat and fell down the stairs.

I was making dinner when my sister ran into the kitchen to tell me the good news.
I was playing a computer game when my brother turned off the computer.
We ate dinner after my brother came home.
I was driving along the road when my car broke down.
He was having a dream when his alarm went off.

Visit the Flight Museum
Come and explore the flight museum and learn about the history of airplane. Learn about the first aircraft from over one hundred years ago to the most modern planes that are able to fly on the edge of space.
There are hundreds of planes at the museum for visitors to see and learn about. From small planes to planes that can carry six hundred passengers, there's something for everyone at the museum. There are even areas for children to play while adults enjoy the planes

Guided Tours
Visitors can choose to look around the museum in their own time, or they can choose a guided tour. Experts, for example real-life pilots, lead the guided tours. There are several types of tours, for example all-day tour, the half-day tour, and the one-hour tour. This short tour is suitable for people with small children.
Jump to Jet Experience
At the museum, visitors have the chance to look around a jumbo jet. Jumbo jets were one of the most popular passenger planes in the world. While airlines don't use the planes as often today, they are still very pupular with visitors at the museum. You can also see some of the more modern planes that airlines are using. Examples of these  include the Boeing Dreamliner and Airbus A380.
On the Jumbo jet, passengers are able to see inside the cockpit, where the captain and other pilots usually fly the plane. They also have the chance to ask questions to members of the cabin crew.
Visitors can also learn what happens during an emergency situation. Staff members will simulate an emergency where everyone has to get off a plane. Visitors put on life vests and get the chance  to jump out of the emergency exits on to big yellow slides. But do not worry, it's very safe, and members of the crew show people what do at every step.
Space Station
The space section is the newest area of the museum. Here, visitors can see some of the most modern planes that will one day take tourists into space. These planes are not ready to take passengers inot space yet, but visitors to the museum get the chance to see what these planes look like.

At the flight museum, people can learn about different types of planes.
The flight museum is a good place for all kinds of people.
Jumbo jets are not popular with airlines today.
What can passengers do on the jumbo jet at the museum?
They can see where the pilots sit.
People can practice what to do in case of a plane emergency.
The flight museum has planes that in the future are going to fly into space.

There are several types of tours, for example, the all-day tour.

Members of the cabin crew have several different jobs on a plane. One of the most important jobs is making a safety speech at the beginning of the flight. Examples of the things they talk about are life vests and the emergency exits. When the plane is flying, they have other jobs. For example, they serve food and drinks to passengers, and they make sure the plane is clean. Being a flight attendant is a difficult job. One example of this is the long hours they have to work. Flight attendants need to have a good persinality. Examples of this include being kind, friendly and caring.

Passengers are able to see inside the cockpit.
Flight attendants serve food and drinks on a plane.
Life vests are usually under the seat.
Passengers sit in the cabin when the plane is flying.
Jumbo jets can carry passengers over long distance.
The pilot flies a plane.
The cockpit is where the captain works on a plane

There are several types of tour, for example, the all-day tour.

There are lots of different types of aircraft.
One example is the jumbo jet.

There are many good things about being a pilot.
For example, you can travel around the world.

If you want to work for an airline, there are different jobs you can try.
Two examples include pilots and flight attendants
When you travel by plane, you must follow rules.
As an exmaple, you must turn off your phone when the plane is moving.

During the flight, the captain will make several announcements.
An example of this is telling passengers how long the flight is.

While you are waiting at the air port, there are many things to do.
For example, you can go shopping, have something to eat, or watch a movie.

The cabin crew has many responsibilies before, during and after the flight.
Examples of these include showing passengers to their seat and serving food.

Guided tours are led by experts, for example real-life pilots.

My sister is a pilot. Her job is flying planes all over the world.

I have traveled to many countries for my job, for example, China, the US, Germany, and the UAE.

There are usually several members of the cabin crew on a flight.

There are many ways to travel around the city, for example, by bus.

In an emergency, you can use your life vest.

There are some bad things about being a flight attendant. One example is the amount of time you have to spend away from home.

Every flight has one captain. He or she is in charge of the plane.

Before you go to the airport, you need to do many things. For example, make sure you have your passport and tickets.

Passengers are not allowed in the cockpit of a plane.

Every plane has emergency exits at the front and back.

Eileen sat next to the emergency exit.
I did slightly less well on the exam this year.
That's when we found out the news.
One example is that less people are umemployed.

Doctors recommend getting up and walking around the cabin during long flights.
Passengers are not allowed to enter the cockpit so pilots can focus on flying the plane.
Our cabin crew is here to make your flight more pleasant.
In the event of an emergency, please put on your life vest.
Nowadays, people can take first-class flights on jumbo jets to travel around the world.

Marisa, you are yelling very loudly and I need to focus. Please speak much more quietly.
You didn't make a mistake. You must have been working far more carefully than you thought.
Sera is walking a little too fast. She needs to move a bit more slowly so we can walk together.
Last year I got a 95 on my English final exam and this year a 93. I did slightly less well this year.
Bria is driving just over the speed limit. She needs to driver a bit less quickly.

I really can't hear you at all, Leila. You need to speak much more loudly.
Do you think this path through the forest will get us up the hill far more quickly?

Janice works really hard.
That's why she got a promotion.

Mary learns new things every day.
That's why she loves her job.

Jim got a nice black leather jacket from the second-hand store.
That's also where be bought his khaki jacket.

Makr often goes to the supermarket in his neighhourhoo.d
That's where he gets all his ingredients.

My saving account is overdrawn and I need to get a job.
That's what I need to do right away.

The house was a complete mess and I needed to tidy up the place for guests.
That was what I needed to do yesterday.
Bob and Chris met in college and they had an idea for a company.
That was where is all began.

You need to go to college and get a good education.
That's where is all begins.

Have you ever thought about being a pilot for an airline?
It's an exciting job because you get to travel to many interesting places, but it's not that easy to become a pilot.
First, you need to go to a special college or flight school.
Once you are there, you'll have to study a lot.
You'll need many hours of experience flying a plane, first with an instructor and then by yourself.
When you finish you training, you'll have a lot of responsibility. YOu must take you job seriously.
You'll need to work closely with your cabin crew and know what to do during an emergency.
In addition to this good relationship with your crew, you'll have to know how to keep them calm during the flight so that they can focus on the passengers. And in an emergency, your decisions could save lives.
For example, you may need to land in a field or in the water. YOu'll need to be able to think clearly and remember the things you learned in flight school.
Becoming a pilot is tough, but in the end, your flight experience will keep your crew and the people in the cabin safe.

The pasta is mouth-watering.
For entrees, we have steak in a spicy sauce.
How is the chicken? That sounds tempting.
The chicken is yummy, but the stew is absolutely mouth-watering.
I'd like the grilled tuna, please.

I can't eat it. It tastes disgusting.
The pizza looks really mouth-watering. I can't wait to try it.
This soup is a bit bland. I think it needs some more slat.
Those apples taste yummy. You have to try one.
The steak sounds tempting, but I think I'm going to have the paste.
The stew is too spicy. You put too much pepper in it.

First, people who eat healthy food have healthier bodies.

Eating healthy food is important for everyone. There are a number of reasons why people should eat healthy food. Your body will be healthier. People who eat healthy food are usually happier. Also, eating healthy food can help you save money.
First, people who eat healthy food have healthier bodies. If you have a healthy body, it's easier to preven diseases and illnesses.
Also, people with healty bodies,  usually live longer. If you eat healthy food when you are young, your body will be stronger when you are old.
Second, people who eat unhealthy food often feel miserable. When you eat foods, like fruit and vegetables, you feel happier.
Finally, eating healthy food can help you spend less money. When you buy good quality food, you eat less. This means you don't need to buy as much food.
To conclude, there are a lot of good reasons why eating healthy food is important. I belive people should start to eat healthy when they are young.

The chicken is yummy, but the stew is absolutely mouth-watering.

Today we are talking people about the food. What's your favorite food?
I really like steak. I think I'd say that steak is my favorite food.
What is it your favorite food? Can you describe the taste?
I think steak is really mouth-watering.
Are you a good cook? What food can you make?
I'm not a very good cook. I can only make simple food, like fried eggs.
What do other people think of your cooking?
My family says it tastes yummy. But I think they are just being kind.

We have a fresh-squeezed grapefruit juice.

Do you have any water?
Yes, the tap is in the kitchen.

The food at Mike's Bistro is disgusting. I'm never going to there again.

Would you like a juice? It's made with fresh-squeezed oranges.

Do you think the stew is abit bland?
No, it tastes fine to me.

Do you have any soft drinks?
Yes, I think we have some orange soda and cola.

Would you like to try the choclate cake? It's nice and sweet.

Do we have any sparking water?
Yes, I think there are some bottles in the fridge.

These vegetabels taste so fresh.
That's because our chef bought them from the market this morning.

What do Marco and Khae talk about?
They talk abut their new business.

Why doesn't Aanya want to quit the Company Company?
She needs to give money to her family.

Why do Marco and Khae want to start their own business? 
They want to help people around the world.

Who is going to write the business plan?
One of Marco's students.

She encouraged me to have a dream.
She engouraged us to follow our dream.
Aanya told me to choose a great name.
The manager told me to bring your check.
I told you not to tell anyone.
Todd told me not to pursue my passion.

Todd told me to find a new job
I warned you not to take that job.
My sister encouraged me to be more confident.
My boss told me not to be late.

Computers have helped lots of people all around the world. For example, they help business people do business with clients in different countries. They can also help students to learn online. And what's more, computers are used in cars, phones, even watches to make people's life easier.
Listen to the man. What is his main idea?
Computers are very useful.
Which of these examples does the man give?
People can communicate even if they are far away

There are many good things about setting up your own company. You can work as many or few hours as you want. Further more,You can earn a lot money if you are successful. You also don't need to listen to other people and you can do what you want. However, it's not easy to make a successful business, and you have a lot of responsibilities.
What is her main idea?
There are both good and bad points to having your own company.
Which of these examples does the woman give?
You don't have to follow directions that other people give.

It's a good idea to find an investor if you want to start your own company. They can help by giving money to develop your business idea. In addition, they can give you lots of advice about business if you don't know what to do. There are plenty of investors ready to invest, if you know where to look. 
What is his main idea?
Investors can help you start your own company.

Furthermore, I said we will have the freedom to make the world a better place.

Good morning Sadi. I'd like to talk to you about the idea for our new watch. Do you have the designs?
Yes, I have the designs here. And what's more, I also have this prototype of the watch.
That's fantastic. We also need to think of a good way to advertise it. What can we tell people about it?
I think we need to show people how useful it is. Forthermore, it's not expensive so people can afford it.
Good idea. I'd like John to join our team too. What do you think?
I asked him but he said he is very busy at the momnet. In addition, he also said he is moving to a differrent office next month. 
Oh, really? I didn't know that. When did you hear that?
He told me about it last week. He asked me to go with him. But I said no.

The teacher told the students to study hard for the test.

My parents always encourage me to follow my dreams when I was at school.  
I think John is a great salesman. Furthermore, heis very friendly to clients.
Sarah's not here yet. The boss warned her not to be late today. He's going to be very angry.
I'd like to see your business plan in addition to your product designs.
Starting a company takes a lot of money. However, we can also earn a lot of money.

Working in sales is an exciting job.
You get to meet lots of people and travel to different places. You get the chance to sell products to people all over the world. And you can help change people's lives.
Everyday is different.
You are always do something new.
There are many positive points to being a salesman.
Which of these examples does the man give?
The job is not always the same.

Traffic accident causing delaysr
A traffic accident on West Road ils causing delays for commuters into Springfield this monring. It happened when a trunk overturned onto its side and blocked both lanes into the town. Police say travelers can expext a delay of about three hours while they clear the road. Anyone traveling by car should take Winston Avenue instead.

Trains canceled
No trains from Barnett station are running at the moment because a train has broken down. The rail company is trying to move it, and it has canceled all trains. The company is providing buses for passengers to get to their destination. Any passengers on the platform should listen for announcements about the buses. Additionally, passengers are also able to check the bus schedule online.

Roadwork on south beanch freeway
Roadwork on the sourth beanch freeway is causing traffic jams for people going north. Construction workers have closed two lanes to repair the road. Several drivers have reported that they are stuck in traffic. One driver said that she has been stuck for over two hours. Police say if people are already on the freeway, they should stay in their cars. Otherwise, drivers should try to find a different way.

Broken traffic signals on park and second.
Broken traffic signals on the corner of Park Street and Second are causing problems for drivers. The signals are not working properly because they are stuck on red. Engineers are trying to fix the singal. However, they don't know how long it it going to take

Rodeo streed closed
The police have closed the Rodeo Street in the downtown area after a bus turned down the street by accident. Rodeo is a one-way street, and the bus driver turned the wrong way on to it. In addition, there is a low birdge over the street. As the driver drove the bus down the street,  it became stuck under the bridge. 
The bus company says the driver was new. The street is now completely blocked, and police say they need to keep the road closed for about 90 minutes. Police have set up a detour 500 meters up the road that drivers can use instead.

This update gives information about problems with the roads and traffic.
A traffic accident blocked two lanes of traffic on West Road.
Which sentence best describes the problems with the trains from Barnett station?
A train stopped running.
Why is the freeway closed?
Repairmen are fixing it.
What is wrong with the traffic signals on Park Street?
They are broken.
Why can't buses use Rodeo Street?
They are too high.

A traffic accident on West Road is causing delays for commuters.

There will be a delay of 30 mintues. Please listen for more annoucements.

There is a delay of about one hour on the road.
There is a lot of roadwork near my house. They are repairing the highway.
The rail company cancelled all of the trains yesterday.
There was a big accident on the freeway this morning.
Dan is going to be late. He called me to say he was stuck in traffic.
My bus broke down last week, so I had to walk to work.
There is a big truck blocking the road near my school.

There is another turn 500 meters up the road.
You have to turn left at the traffic signal.
We need to take the freeway to get there.
The road has three lanes.
I don't want to take Dalton Road because there's a lot of roadwork there.
We can't turn right here because the sign says it's a one-way street.
There is a right turn at the end of the street.

The signals are not working properly because they are stuck on red.

The police say there was a big accident on the freeway this monring. According to the news, they say one car crashed into the back of a bus. Police think it was traveling  over the speed limit when the crash happened. Noboday was seriously injured, but the driver of the car went to the hospital to make sure he was OK. In addition, the driver  of the bus went there as well. The police say they will arrest the man later he was driving so fast. There were no witnesses at the scene. However, a camera on the bus filmed everything.

Broken traffic signals on the corner of Park Street and Second are causing problems for dirvers.
My heighhors said there was an accident on the road this morning. They told me a truck carshed into a house.
Can you see the traffic signal ahead? The light is green at the moment. Turn left there.
I spoke to Brian. He said he'll be late.
Why? He said he's stuck in traffic.
The rail company has canceled this train. The next one will leave in one hour.
There is a left turn after the cinema. Take that road.
The road is blocked because there was an accident.
You can take the train. However, the bus is quicker.
We are sorry to announce that there's a delay of about twenty minutes, so we're going to be late.
I think we should take the freeway because it is not busy at this time of the day.
Turn left down busy road on the left, but be careful because there minght be a car coming the other way.
Jeff wants a soft drink with lunch. I'm late because I got stuck in a traffic jam downtown.
Daisy warned them not to be upset.
Furthermore, we should talk to Janet.

Can I please just have tap water?
Let's see, I don't want soda or water. Could I please have a grapefruit juice?
Can I have a soft drink with my dinner? I'll take an orange soda, please.
Bettina doesn't drink tap water. She only drinks sparking water.
Jean likes healthy drinks. She always orders a fresh-squeezed orange just at restaurants.

Sorry, I'm so late. I promise you, I left my house on time.
What happened? I hope you didn't have an accident.
No, nothing like that. But when I got on the freeway I immediately got stuck in traffic.
Oh, no. Was there roadwork?
No, there wasn't any construction on the roads or anything. I turned on the radio and heard that there was a car crash on the freeway. There were delays for about one hour.
It must have been a big accident, So, what did you do?
Well, I looked at the map and got off the freeway and took another new road. But then a bus broke down and I couldn't get anywhere.
So finding another road didn't help. Did you have to get off the motorway?
Yeah, and then I took a wrong turn and ended up going the wrong way on a one-way street. But I turned around quickly and got back on the motorway.
Oh, my. I'm sorry you had such a difficult time. But now that you're here, let's eat.

My boss told me not to make international calls from the office.
I encouraged Sam to study hard, so he could get one step closer to his dream of going to college.
Jared warned Bob not to quit his job and take the new one.
My mom told us to stay home and tidy up the house.
My manager asked me to give the presentation at tomorrow's meeting.
Olivia told Jim to get a savings account and save money.

I think Jen is a great manager.
Furthermore, she always encourages others to do their best.

Lila is difficult to work with.
In addition, she makes mistakes and blames them on other people.

The new comedy directed by Anderson Paul was really boring. What's more, I fell asleep because it was so long.

The package deal to Beijing was affordable and a great idea. What's more, we got to stay in a luxury hotel.

Our itinerary around Madrid was so busy that we didn't have time to relax.
Furthermore, we couldn't even make it to all the famous sights.

The new movie starring Ken Thompson was fun and action-packed.
In addition, the acting was great and the story was interesting.

Gina doesn't make much of an effort at work.
She's sloppy and doesn't finish her work in time.
What's more, she doesn't even try to look professional.

The head of the marketing division wants to see the new prototype for the watch in addtion to the designs.

What does Sofi do in her new job?
She takes packages to people.
The man gives Sofi a walkie-talkie so that she knows where to go.
What does Sofi need to ask people to do when she collects or delivers a package?
They need to sign something.
What does Sofi ask the man to give her?
She asks for some money.

I just need to know what to do.
I knew I needed a helmet, but I wasn't sure which  to order.
You need this talkie-walkie so I can communicate with you and give you directions.
So you'll tell me where to go with packages?
I don't know how to get there.
If I can't reach you, how do I know who to ask for directions?
How do I know when to leave?

I don't know where to go.
I'm not sure which color to buy.
I'll tell you what to do tomorrow.
The teacher will tell you when to leave.

What dose Sofi say about her helmet?
She didn't know if she bought the right one.
Why does Sofi need a walkie-talkie?
She needs to know the places to take the package to.(She needs to know the person to give the packages to)(She needs to know the time to drop the package off)
Sofi doesn't know the directions to 420 Market Street.
Sofi wants to know _the person who can tell her the way_ to the drop-off and pickup locations.(the directions that she can take to get)
Sofi wants to know the time she has to go.

I don't know how to get there.


You have a lot of packages and envolopes to deliver today. You can take this package to 132 West Street. Do you know where that is?
Yes I do. But West Street is 16 miles from here. That's far.
Yes, it is. Well, do you want to deliver this envolope downtown first? That is near.
Yes, I think it's better to go downtown first.
While you are downtown, can you pickup another envelope from Bidge Street? 
Ok, but I'm not sure where it is. Can you give me directions?
I need to find them. I'll call you. There is another job downtown in the afternoon. Can you pickup a package at 21 BenStreet?
No problem. Will you let me know when to pickup?
Yes, I'll text you when it is ready. And then you can go to Green Street to drop off the package before you go home.
Ok, no problem. I can drop the package off there at the end of the day.

Can you take this to the bank now, Plase?
I don't know how to get there.
Do you want to take the bus downtown?
No, I think we can ride our bikes.
Could you tell me what to do after I send the meails?
Do you know how to get to the bank?
Yes. Go out of the building and it's on your leftCan you help me? I need to buy a ticket, but I'm not sure where to go.
Go to the ticket office. It's around the corner.
I don't know who to ask.
You can talk to anyone.
You told me where to go, but you didn't tell me when to leave.
You can go right now.
Can you tell me which one to buy?
I think the red one is better.
I don't know who to ask if I have a question.
You can ask anyone in the office. Everyone is very friendly.

What happened to Sofi's bike?
Somebody took it.
Why does Sofi lose her job delivering packages?
She doesn't have a bike.
How does Sofi get home?
She uses the subway.
What does Sofi do to feel better?
She buys some food.

I love lobster and crab
I know how to make myself feel better.
I love lobster and crab.
Those are my favorite seafood items other than plaice and sole. 
Strawberries are my second favorite fruit.
The only fruit I like better are pears.
Grilled plaice and lamp chops with carrots and cabbage on the side. 

Meat: lamb, chicken, beef
Seafood: sole, crab, plaice, lobster, tuna
Fruits/Vegetables: pears, apples, carrots, onions, straberris, cabbage, lettuce, grapefruit

What do you want to do for dinner tonight?
We could go out to a restaurant
That's a good idea. Where do you want to go?
We can go to a nice restaurant or we could go to a fast food restaurant.
Hmm, I can't decide. What kind of restaurant do you feel like to go?
Both have good points. Nice restaurants are healthier, but fast food restaurants are cheaper.
Don't worry, I'll pay. Let's go to a restaurant. Do you know any good ones?
I know a great Italian pizza ria, and there's also a good seafood restaurant too.
Let's go to the seafood restaurant. What do you want to eat?
I don't know what to have. I heard the crab is really delicious, but the lobster is good too.

I'm cooking fish for dinner. Would you like some?
What type of fish is it?
It's sole.
Chicken is my second favorite food. The only thing I like more is lamb.
Would you like a glass of straberry juice?
No thanks. I don't really like fruit.
The onlu fruit I like more than apples are pears.
Which vegetables would you like with your beef?
Potatoes, carrots, and cabbage please.
I don't have much money, so I want to eat at home because it is cheaper than going to a restaurant.
I'm in the mood for seafood tonight, I'm going to have lobster.
My favorite vegetables other than carrots are beans.
What's your favorite fruit?
I really love pears.

Today, I'm talking to Rick Miller.
Rick is a train conductor for US rail.
And he decided to change his career not long ago.
Rick, how long have you done this job?
I'm quite new to the job.
I started about two weeks ago.
I really like it so far.
But, there is a lot to learn.
Now, you work on long-distance journeys across the US.
From Chicago there are different routes that people can take.
I also show them to their seat or sleeping car
There is a dining car, where people can get something to eat or drink.
There is an online booking form on the website.
Is that right?
Yes, that's correct.

Rick has worked at his job for a short time.
We wait on the platform for the train.
I make sure they get on the train from the platform.

The train has a dining car so you can get something to eat.
Passengers can choose to pay for a seat or a sleeping car.
The high-speed train takes just 2 hours.
You must wait behind the yellow line on the platform.
You can ask the conductor if you have a question.
You can use the onling booking form to buy a ticket.
The train journey throught the countryside is beautiful.

I really like Washington D.C. It's the capital city of America.
My sister lives in the countryside.
I have a big house in Los Angeles.
When my granfather was young, he climed Mount Everest(珠穆朗玛峰).
My parents are going to the seaside for their next vacation.
I enjoy cycling in the mountains  in my free time.
The bus will take us all the way to London.
There are lots of great places to ride your bike in the park. or in Denmark.

The city has a population of around half a million.

I'd like to find out about your town. Where were you born?
I was born in London, in Great Britian
Do you still live there now?
No, my family moved to America when I was a child. I live in Los Angelas now.
What do you like about the place you live now? 
There are lots of things to do. It's never boring in this city.
Is it a big place?
Yes, the city is very big. It's the second big city in America.
How many people live there?
The population of LA is almost 4 million
For tourers coming to your town, is there anythign you suggest they must do or see?
Yes. I think that everyone should take a walk of roudial drive. There are lots of shops there. But they are really expensive. Also, there are some excellent museums in the city.

After Washington D.C, the train travels to Chicago.

New York has a population of almost 8.5 million.
Many long-distance trains have sleeping cars where people can rest.
I'd like to live in Sydney one day.
Many famous people have come from my city, and there are several memorials to remember them.
The high-speed train is really fast. It can do the journey only in 45 minutes.
We can go to the mountains if you want.
I live in the capital city of my country.
There are conductors on every train.

When do you think we should leave?
I bought some snacks from the buffet car.(自助餐车)
Oranges are my favorite fruits.
Shelby is going swimming at Lake Oxford in England.

Can you tell me how to get to the wedding celebration at La Mason?
Mika knows who to contact if there is an emergency.
I don't know how to repair the broken laptop. Can you help me?
My manager told me where to go to pick up the supplies, but I didn't write down the address.
Can you show us how to get to the beanch? We've never been there.
Todd is going to arrive late to dinner. Can you decide what to order for him?
My flight to Mexico leaves in four hours, and I don't know when to leave for the airport.

Frank lives in a medium-sized ciy in Audtrilia with a population of 40,000 people. He works as a salesperson and has to travel to many different parts of Australia. Most of the time he travels by train. Fank usually buys his tickets online. He usually sits while waiting on the platform. When Frank gets on the high-speed train he walks to the dining car so he can eat breafast. He orders eggs, toast, and coffee. After breakfast he reads the paper and then the train arrives at track 8. Frank gets off and walks along the river to the center of downtown where he usually has a meeting. He thinks traveling by train is a relaxed way to travel.

Lobster and sole are my favorite types of seafood.
Keisha doesn't usually like fruit. But she really loves tasty strawberries.
Apples, bananas, grapes and melons are all types of fruit.
My favorite vegetable is cabbage and I love to eat it in salads.
Crab and plaice are seafood, but steak and lamb are meats.

I'm going to Asia to climb Everest, the highest mountain in the world.
Tobie and Fran are going to visit New York City in the summer.

We went swimming at the beach off the cost of England.
We usually don't use a , an and the before names of countries, towns, cities, states, lakes or mountains. We do use them before the names of rivers and oceans.
We vist everything from rivers in Grenada to parks in Mexico City.
We climbed a mountain and swam in a river along the forest in California.
Dana visit4ed a town called Chelan in Washington.
Last summer, my roommates and I went swimming in  Lake Tahoe and enjoyed the scenery.

What did you and Libby do in Asia?
We did the hardest thing we've ever done. We climbed Mount Everest.

Where did you and Everrtt go camping last summer?We went camping in the woods in Mexico.


