Welcome aboard flight 123 from New York to Rome. The aircraft today is the Airbus A380. Please look around the cabin(舱) to see where the emergency exits are. In case of emergency landing, you'll leave the plane throught the yellow slides attached to all exits.
Please remember that no one is allowed to enter the cockpit(驾驶舱). If you need help, please press the green button over your seat. One of our flight attendants will help you.
The captain is ready for take off.
Please make sure your seatbelts are on .
We hope you enjoy your flight.

Why did you stop? We're still shooting.
Shen, this set isn't right.
What do you mean?
So, I'm flying this... what is it a plane?
It's a ship ... space ship ... you are in a space ship, and you are the pilot. There's no one in there - no passengers and no crew.
And what's this?
This is the emergency exit in case you have to leave the ship urgently.
But we're in space. Shen. Where am I going to go? What's this under my seat?
That's your life vest in case you land in water.
Water? There is no water in space. Shen. This is not working for me.
Lizzie, let's not argue, ok? Where are you going now? Please don't walk off the set, Lizzie.
I want to watch TV. Is there any TV here?
No, there isn't. Lizzie. Let's just shoot the scene, please.

Can you see the red brick building? That's where I work.
You are right. We should start again. That's what we need to do - a new beginning.
I didn't know what to do next. That's why I called you for advice.
The bus was stuck in traffic this morning. That's why I was late for work.
Do you see the man standing over there? That's who I was talking about.
So we got out picnic and started to eat food. That's when it started raining, and our food got wet.
I left school in 2002 and started looking for work. That's when I joined this company.

Hey, director. How's it going?
We were shooting a really difficult scene with Lizzie when you called.
Sorry about that.
It's OK. It's been a difficult day. It started to rain earlier when we were filming outside.
That's unlucky.
I know, and when we were moving to another location, the lighting guy broke a lamp.
Oh, dear. And how's Lizzie?
She's difficult to work with. She was complaining about the food when I last spoke to her.
Well, keep going, Shen. And good luck.

City Air Museum.
One of the best things about the City Air Museum is the new exhibition on passenger jets.
It shows how jets now fly much(a bit) faster than in the past and carry hundreds of passengers far easier than in days gone by.
For example, there is a model of a Boeing 707, which was a popular aircraft. Now, of course, jets can fly a lot farther.
There is also a display about how different aircraft are built. The new 787 is build a little quicker than airliners(大型客机) used to be, even though, there are some very difficult processes.
One example of this is how robots are used to create the cockpit windows out of plastic. They can certainly work a bit more quietly than humans.

The Queen Line welcomes passengers for a new experience in vacation travel. We call our new ships "luxury hotels on water" because they are the most beatiful and the most comfortable ships in the world.
Come eat at one of our five restaurants - Italian, Chinese, Frech ... all traveles will find the food they love. Come watch a movie or a comedy show in one of our three theaters. For children, we have swimming pools with slides, play areas, games that simulate a trip into space, and much more.
Once we reach land, we invite you to join our all-day trips to the local towns where you can sightsee, shop, and eat delicious local food.
Our experienced crews make sure you have everthing you need.
Your new adverture is waiting for you. What are you waiting for?

I had an accident on a flight from New York to Los Angeles.
I was eating a meal on the flight when the pilot turned on the seatbelt sign.
When I went to put on my seatbelt, I knocked a bottle off my tray.
When I bent down to pickup up the bottle, the woman in front of me suddenly pushed back her seat.
Her seat hit me, and my head stated bleeding.
Then a flight attendant, who was trying to help me, fainted at the sign of all the blood.
When we landed in Los Angeles, I went straight to the hospical.
It was not a great flight.

Airlines take the health of their pilots very seriously.
For example, pilots have to take an eye test every six months.

A flight attendant's job is not easy.
For example,  they have to be on their feet a lot and manage difficult passengers.

Flight attendants have a lot to do before the flight takes off.
An example of this is how they need to make sure there is enough food for all passengers.
There is a lot more security at the airports now.
For example, you have to take off your shoes when going through the security.
There are a lot of rules for international travelers.
For example, you have to have a passport and a visa.
Cockpits are very complicated.
For example, there are thirty-three different settings just for the enginge.

Airplane travel is much more difficult today than in the past.
For example, airlines put more seats on their planes now, so there is much less space than in the past.

Airplane pilots have difficult job.
For example, they have to know how to fly a plane in a bad weather.

There are some things you can do when waiting for your flight.
For example, you can watch a movie or go shopping.

Traveling by train can be a better option than traveling by plane
For example, you don't have to wait in long security lines.

There are a few different ways to book your airline tickets.
Two examples are online booking and booking by phone.

Last year I went to San Diego on vacation. 
Many surprising things happened during my trip. 
First, I took a plane from New York to San Diego. 
I was sleeping when the pilot suddenly came on and said we had to land! 
He said there was something wrong with the plane. 
For example, one of the engines was making strange noises, and something wasn’t working. They needed to land to take a look. When we were trying to land, we were listening to the strange noises coming from the engine. It was very scary, but the flight attendants were wonderful and kept everyone calm. We landed safely in Houston. We had to leave the plane and wait at the airport for a new plane. When we were waiting, a big storm came. It was so bad that they had to stop all flights. We had to wait even longer. Finally, the storm stopped and the airline got a new plane ready. We finally landed in San Diego the next day. It was not an easy trip, but the rest of my vacation was great!


Reporter: So, Sofi. Please tell me, which dish is your favorite to cook and eat?
Sofi: Hmm, I must say, it’s my grandmother’s tuna
Reporter: Can you describe the taste?
Sofi: It tastes delicious.
Reporter: What makes it so good?
Sofi: Well, it’s not too spicy or salty. It’s just right. Would you like to try it? I’ve just made some.
Reporter: Oh, it is tempting. Maybe just a tiny bite.
Sofi: I warn you. It’s so good, you can’t have just one bite...And?
Reporter: You are right, it’s mouth-watering. What do you serve it with at a restaurant?
Sofi: I think it tastes the best with some fresh vegetables. 
Reporter: Last question, Sofi. What’s your favorite dessert to make?
Sofi: That’s easy: chocolate cookies. They are sweet and go perfectly with black coffee.

Marco: Well, that was yummy.  
Khae: What did you have? 
Marco: I had the steak and fries. It was very tasty. How was yours? 
Khae: Not so good. The tuna didn’t taste of anything. 
Marco: Well, at least you didn’t have any vegetables.   
Khae: Yuck. Vegetables are disgusting.   
Marco: What about the fruit? You didn’t eat any of it. It’s just sitting there.
Khae: Go ahead. Have some.
Marco: Thanks – I’ll just have the grapefruit. I love sour fruit.   
Khae: Do you want any dessert? 
Marco: I do. That chocolate cake looks mouth-watering.
Khae: Nothing for me. I’ll just stick with my fresh-squeezed orange juice. 
Marco: I’m going to order the cake and a glass of sparkling water.




Deidre47 asks: Can someone help me? I need to get to Bennington tomorrow morning from the South Side – which is the best way? Thanks! Deidre. 
 
PaulMc [2hrs ago]
The best way is to go south on Blecker – just remember it’s a one-way  street once you get past Spedina. Then turn into Locke and take the I-67 freeway. It should take about two hours and fifteen minutes. When you get to Blumburg, stay in the right lane to take Exit 5. 
 
SallyF [45mins ago]
Sorry, Paul, but I just heard an announcement on the radio. I-67 will be closed because of roadwork. I think the best way is to take the train from Grand Union. There is a train every hour. Of course, you’ll have to deal with all the morning comuters, but it’s better than sitting in traffic. 
 
Deidre47 [2mins ago]
Thanks, everyone. I’ll take the 7:15 train. I think there’s always something on I-67. Only last night, there was an overturned car in the west lanes. The traffic jam was awful.
 
SallyF [1min ago]
Good choice. Just to warn you – the 7:15 train is always full! You will reach Bennington, but you’ll probably stand the whole way there!

He ordered me not to do it.
She asked us to help her.
He wanted me not to take Union Avenue
He encouraged his son to take an MBA course.
He told Anya to finish her report.
She told them not to be late.
He told them to go on a bike ride.

I'm so excited about our new company.
Also, I'm a little scared.

It's important our new company has a memorable name.
What's more, the name should sound good to investors.

This is going to be much better than working at The Company Company.
Furthermore, I think this company can be more successful than The Company Company.

We need money to make our new products.
In addition, we need money for marketing.

They have the opportunity to really change the world.
And as well as that, they can do something to be proud of.

It's great working with Marco – he has so many good ideas.
Furthermore, he's really smart.

Dear Khae,
 
Hope you are very well and the ideas for new company are developing. I was just writing to say how sorry I am that I can’t join you in your company. As I explained, I need the security of a job.
In addition, I have to send money home to India, and I can’t risk that at the moment.
Also, I don’t think you need an engineer right now. We’ll see what happens in the future. 
But it is terrible here. Yesterday, Todd told me to stop having lunch breaks!
Furthermore, he warned me not to write any emails without his permission. It’s awful. Perhaps I made the wrong decision...!
Take care,
Aanya


There has been an accident on Freeway 121 near Strand Avenue.
This accident has obviously caused lots of traffic jams throughtout the area.
In addition to those traffic jams, there is roadwork at the start of Freeway 15.
Therefore, we advise all drivers to avoid both freeways for the next few months.
On top of the freeway problems, the train companies have warned passengers of delays on the North Side line of up to three hours.
And finally, the traffic lights at Main and 33rd are not working.
We'll be back with another traffic report in an hour.



Starting Your Own Business

This week we talked to Paula Allen, the successful CEO of one of the trendiest new companies in America.

So, Paula, why did you start your own business?
Well, I was working for a big corporation but I was bored. Furthermore, I was working long hours, and it was horrible to be a commuter. One day I was stuck in traffic on the freeway on my way to work – the police were clearing away an accident – and decided there must be a better way!

What was your first step?
Well, I finally got into work that day and quit. My boss was happy for me. He told me to find something to do that I really believed in. Also, he warned me to be prepared for hard work – and he wasn’t wrong!

How did you grow your business?
Through a lot of hard work and good contacts in the industry. In addition, I had the support of my family. They encouraged me to make the tough decisions and to be who I wanted to be.

What advice would you give others?
Well, I would warn others that it is hard work so you have to be ready to put in a lot of work.



Who is Paula Allen?
She is the successful CEO of a trendy new company.

Why did Paula start her own business?
She was bored working for a corporation. Furthermore, she worked long hours and had a horrible commute.

When did Paula decide to start her own business? 
She decided to start her own business when stuck in traffic on the freeway.

What did Paula’s boss warn her about? 
He warned Paula to be prepared for hard work.

How did Paula’s family encourage her? 
Paula’s family encouraged her to make tough decisions and to be who she wanted to be.

What advice does Paula give others? 
Paula warns others to be ready to put in a lot of work. 


My favorite job was when I started at a company as a games designer. I learned a lot, had a lot of fun, and made great friends. I worked on a team with eleven other people, and we had a really good time working together.
We designed, built, and tested a new computer game. It was really challenging at the beginning because we couldn’t make it work. It took us a long time to figure out how to do it. Everyone worked really hard, and, in the end, we finished the game. In addition, we had time to work on some of our own projects. Furthermore, I made some great friends. 
My boss at the time was really relaxed, and he told me to just enjoy the job and have some fun. He also encouraged me to get to know a lot of people because they could help me become successful in my career. Furthermore, he warned me not to work too much and take the time off work to relax. I would give others the same advice today. It is important to work hard, but it’s also important to relax and have hobbies outside of work.


Hi Shen,

Hope you are well and you have some acting work.
 
I’m having a great time in Los Angeles. It’s a big place, but where I live, it feels like a small town. My neighborhood has a population of about 50,000, so it’s quite comfortable – there’s a big park not far away. There is a big monument in the middle of the park. I like going there to relax and read a book. My office is in downtown Los Angeles. I work on the 18th floor of a fifty-floor skyscraper, so I have great views of the city – I can even see Santa Monica and the Hollywood sign if the air is clear.  The only thing I don’t like is the traffic. There are so many people on the road here! It takes a long time to go anywhere here. The route I take to work takes me almost two hours! It was hard at first, but now I’m used to it.
On the weekends I go to the beach or the mountains. The scenery outside of LA is really beautiful.
I do miss New York and walking in Central Park, but I hope to come back for a visit soon.
 
Hope you are well,
Best,
Bill




Sofi: Come in! Come in! Oh, stupid walkie-talkie. Hello!  
Messenger: Hi, Sofi. We’re here. Did you drop off the envelope? 
Sofi: I did, but now my bike has been stolen. How can I get back?  
Messenger: You’ll need to take the train.   
Sofi: Do you know which one?   
Messenger: Let me check. Okay. You should go to the station on Fording. Get on the 5 train going east. 
Sofi: Do you know which platform that is on? 
Messenger: I think it’s 4. And don’t get on the super express train, though. It goes on a ditrack and you’ll end up miles away. Get off at the Falls Station and transfer to the 7 train.
Sofi: Thanks – I’m just so tired and hungry.
Messenger: Well, there is sometimes a dining car so maybe you can get some food on the train. 
Sofi: Can I buy the ticket on the train?
Messenger: Yes. You can buy it from the conductor.
Sofi: Okay, thanks. Will you pay for the train ticket?
Messenger: No, sorry. Without a bike you don’t really work for us anymore...


Sofi needed a helmet, but she didn’t know which one she should order.
Sofi needed a helmet, but she didn’t know 
which one to order
.
 
Sofi doesn’t know what she should do as a bike messenger. 
Sofi doesn’t know what to do as a bike messenger.
 
The messenger will tell Sofi where she should go to pick up the packages. 
The messenger will tell Sofi where to go to pick up the packages.
 
Sofi doesn’t know how she could get to 420 Market Street.
Sofi doesn’t know how to get to 420 Market Street.
 
Sofi is not sure who she could ask for directions. 
Sofi is not sure who to ask for directions
.
 
Sofi wants to know when she should leave.
Sofi wants to know when to leave. 




加the: river
不加: lake, street, mountain

1. I live in the desert near the Los Angeles. / 
 
2. I want to climb Mont Blanc, it's in the French Alps.
 
3. I went to the United States and stayed in the city of Phoenix.
 
4. Our vacation home was on the banks of Lake Ontario.
 
5. Our new boss came from the People's republic of China.
 
6. She's lived in Mexico City for years– she loves the people there.
 
7. Take a right on to University Street, and lake is on your left.
 
8. They have a house in New York. The view  of the Hudson River is beautiful there.

Train information agent: Can I help you?
Sofi: Yes, can you tell me how to get (get) back downtown?
Train information agent: You can take train number 5.
Sofi: Please tell me which ticket to buy (ticket / buy).
Train information agent: Buy a one-way ticket.
Sofi: And can you tell me which platform to use? (platform / use)
Train information agent: It’s platform 4.
Sofi: And can you tell me when to catch (catch) the train? 
Train information agent: You can catch the next train in 10 minutes.
Sofi: Can you tell me where to get out (get out)?
Train information agent: If you’re going downtown, get out at Charles Street.
Sofi: Do you know where to buy (buy) some food?
Train information agent: There’s a café over there. You can get food there.
Sofi: Thank you. Oh… Can you tell me how to get (get) to platform 4?
Train information agent: Take the stairs and go down two floors.


Right. We have three packages to deliver this morning, Where do you want to start?
Maybe we can start uptown and then work back to downtown?
Good idea. We'll stop first in uptown. There is one package for uptown. Bridge street? Do you know how to get there?
Bridge street? Yes, I know that. Where's the second package for?
The second package is for flower market. But wait, it's marked 'urgent'. Chould you deliver it on your way to Bridge Street?(没有the)
Yes, okay. Flower market and Bridge Street. And the final package?
The final one is for Main Avenue.
Main Avenue is very long. Is it the park end or the station end?
I don't know which end. It's numbered 4020.
I think 4020 is near Center Park(没有the). That's fine.
Great. I'll call you if there are more packages to pick up.


Marco: I can't decide which restaurant to go to tonight.
Khae: How about Frank's Seafood? The food is great there.

Paz: I'm not sure where to go for a hike.
Shen: You could go hiking on Mount Baxter(没有the) if you want.

Sofi: Sorry, I'm deciding what to order – the crab salad or the steak.
Eli: Neither. Go for the tuna instead. It looks mouth-watering.

Khae: I don't know where to go for the weekend.
Aanya: This weekend will be warm. We could go shopping downtown or we could go to the beach.

Mrs. Berry: I don't know when to leave for the airport.
John: Well, I think you should get the 7:00 a.m. train.

Shen: Benny doesn't know who to talk to about his ticket.
Li Li: He should talk to the train conductor.

This train journey on the Amtrak Cascades track is a beautiful train trip from Eugene in Oregon into Canada, through British Columbia, and to its final destination, Vancouver.

There is some amazing scenery to enjoy, including mountains such as Mount Rainier and Mount Baker. There are also plenty of animals to see around the Puget Sound.
The track goes through Portland, Seattle, and Tacoma — great cities to enjoy.
This is a long trip — eleven and a half hours — but there is plenty to see and do, so it’s fine for families.
The Cascades train has a special dining car called the Bistro which serves some amazing food.
You can book this trip online through the Amtrak website. Remember your passport — you will be leaving the United States.

What is this article about?
The article talks about a train journey.

Where does this train journey go?
It goes from Eugene, Oregon to Vancouver, British Columbia.

Describe what to see on the journey.
You can see the mountains: Mount Rainier and Mount Baker. You can also see animals around the Puget Sound.

Describe where to get off to see some interesting cities. 
You can get off in the cities of Portland, Seattle, and Tacoma.

Describe where to eat. 
You can eat in the dining car called The Bistro.

Describe how to book tickets. 
You can book tickets online at the Amtrak website.





My home city of London is an amazing place. You will never be bored in London because it has so many interesting places to see and things to do. 
When to go
The best time to go is the summer – the city is warm, and all the parks are lovely for sitting out. It rains even in the summer, so remember to bring an umbrella.
 
What to do
You can go on a sightseeing bus tour around the city. The tour guide will tell you what to see, and you can always get off the bus at any time to explore. You will see all the important buildings and monuments such as Tower Bridge and Buckingham Palace during the bus trip. 
 
Where to go 
You can go to the very top of the Shard – a big glass skyscraper. The views from the top are amazing. 
 
What to see
Of course, you can see the historical buildings. Maybe you’ll see the Queen when you are there! 
 
Where to eat
London has lots of cool restaurants – try Charlotte Street or Chinatown in the West End of London.
