Did you see the news today?
No, I was having lunch with my new firend, Dan.
Well, your new friend was in the news.
He doesn't like all these celebrity scandals about movie stars. Dan thinks there should be serious news about, you know, business and politics.
Well, he'll be happy - there was a news item on the economy. The reporter said it is improving.
Oh, right. But Dan also thinks there should be reports on the Earth's environment.
There was a story on the melting of the ice in the far north. And there was a story about a conflict between two countries. So there was a lot of serious news.
Oh, I see. So what was in the news about Dan Blaze?
There was a riot at his movie set. Do you think we committed a crime?
No, I'm sure we didn't, right?

What's Good This Week?
Monday
Sunset Beach - Dani finds out who her monther is, and Phoebe gets some shocking news about her husband, on this popular show. Channel 4 7:30 p.m.
Tuesday
The Emergency Room - Last in the series of this interesting TV sho about what really happens in the ER at Grand Hospital. Channel 52 9:00 p.m.
Wednesday
Chelsea Models -- Another episode of the popular show for teenagers that follows the lives of three famous young models.
Thusday
Last Night with Jon Hammond -- tonight's guests are Dan Blaze and Michelee Rohan. Channel 4 11:45 p.m.
Friday
Huskies vs. Royals -- another exciting college baseball game. Channel 2 6:00 p.m.
Saturday
Amazing Oceans -- Last in the series of this popular show about the fascinating lives of unusual ocean animals. Channel 14 7:00 p.m.
Sunday
Week in 30 Minutes -- tonight's stories include a report on national security and a story on a new flu medicine developed by The Company Company. Channel 9 7:30 p.m.
Documentary(记录片)
Sunset Beach is a soap opera.
Chelsea Models is a reality show.
Last Night with Jon Hammond is a talk show.
Hskies vs. Royals is a live broadcast.
Amazing Oceans is a documentary.
Week in 30 Minutes is a news show.

Thanks for eating here. I'd like to know about your dining experience. Could I ask you a few questions?
Yes, I can do that for you.
Okay, my first question. Can you tell me about the service?
The service was good. I liked our waiter.
Great! Second question. What about the food?
Well, it tasted pretty bad. That's why we complained.
Now tell me about the receptionist, please. Was she nice?
Well, she was pretty rude.
Okay, And how was the atmosphere?
Not to good. Our room wasn't too cozy(温暖舒适的)  and other customers were very loud.
Last question. Will you eat here again?
No, I don't think we will come back.
Can you tell me why you're not interested in coming back again?
Well, I woud come back if there were a new manager and a new chef.

So ... tell me, did Dan talk about his new movie?
Shen: He did. It sounds amazing.
What happens?
It takes place in the future.
Sounds interesting. Who does Dan play?
A police officer. It starts with him in prison.
For starting a riot?
No, Benny. He's in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Right. So the whole movie is set in a prison?
No, he escapes. In prison, he meets a prison guard. She's a female robot.
A female robot? Don't tell me they fall in love and she helps him escape?
Yes, that's right. How do you know?
A lucky guess.

Hi, Aanya. Hove you seen Marco?
No, I haven't. I wanted to talk to you about him.
What about him?
Well, he doesn't appear to be happy with his job right now.
I'm sure he's fine.
I think you should talke to him. He is supposed to be busy on the new project, but he appears to be upset about something and I don't think he is working very hard.
I saw him this morning and he was fine. The project doesn't seem to be difficult for him -- he's done this before.
Well, he pretends to be cheerful, but I think there's something wrong.
Okay, I'll talk to him. If he seems to be upset.

Riview: Crime & Disorder, Episode 14.
Tonight's episode of Crime & Disorder takes place in the Park City Courts. It begins with Detective Kyle giving evidence against his old boss. While he is giving evidence, Detective Baresi and Captain Diaz meet in the cafeteria to discuss the case. They decide not to support Kyle to save themselves.
But there are still so many questions. Is Baresi pretending to be happy with the deal? Does Kyle only appear to be honest in the courtroom? Is Diaz supposed to be friendly with Baresi?
Watch tonight for another exciting episodes of this popular crime drama(戏剧)

I don't think Kevin Freeman is a very good actor.
Why do you say that?
I saw his last movie. - It was terrible.
Really? I haven't seen it. What happens?
Well, it is about this man who travels into the future.
So, is Kevin playing a pilot?
No, he plays a scientist who builds a time machine and travels in time to the future. It begins with him lost in a strange world. But then he meets this woman who lives there. She helps him fix this time machine and go home... back in time. After that, Kevin is in real time, but wants to go back to the future because he's in love with the woman, So he ries to travel in time again. It ends with him crashing his time machine. It's a very bad movie, Why did he agree to  start in it?


















