What is the director's problem?
He doesn't have enough money.

In the first scene that Shen films, something is wrong with the ship's steering
steering
英 [ˈstɪərɪŋ]   美 [ˈstɪrɪŋ]  
n.
(车辆等的)转向装置
v.
驾驶(船、汽车等);掌控方向盘;行驶;操纵;控制;引导
steer的现在分词

Who is going to fix the ship's controls?
Professor Whom's assistant

Why is Professor Whom upset?
He thinks they may not have enough time to fix the controls.

I'm definitely goingto move around a little bit.
The controls are certainly broken.
We are probably going to crash.
The controls are certainly broken.
I can possibly fix them, but it will take me hours.
We likely only have fifteen minutes before the ship crashes.
We are definately in trouble if we can't fix the controls.

Are you going to the movies with Tom tonight?
Yes, we're definitely going. We're meeting at the movie theater at 7:30.

Can you play tennis with me on Saturday morning?
Possibly. Can I let you know later? I might have to work on Saturday.

The weather reporter said it's probably going to rain most of the weekend.
Well, that means there's still a chance some of it might be nice.

Why won't the cart start?
I don't know exactly, but there's certainly somtheing wrong with it.

Don still hasn't called. I'm really starting to worry.
Relax. Maybe he left his phone at work and can't call us. He does that a lot.

We had a bigger budget but our account is overdrawn right now.

If you want to buy a house, you should talk to the bank about getting a morgage.

My parents had to pay the morgage on their house so I can't borrow any money from them.

Would you mind buying lunch today?

Do you have a credit card?

It's expensive to make a movie, so it's helpful to have a budget that is big.
If you want to buy a house, you should talk to a bank about getting a mortgage.
Tim borrowed $50 from me last month, but he hasn't given me the money back yet.
Shopping online is easy if you have a credit card.
Sonya isn't good with money. She has a bank account, but it's always overdrawn.

The controls are certainly broken.

I'm definetely going to move around a little bit.
Shen is sure he's going to move around a little.

What does Professor Whom think?
We are probably going to crash.
There's a very good chance that they will crash.

What does Professor Whom's assistant think?
She's sure they are going to die.

What does Professor Whom's assistant think about the controls?
The controls are certainly broken.
She's sure they are broken.

Can Professor Whom's assitant fix the controls?
I can possibly fix them.

We are likey have 15 minutes before crash.
There's a strong chance the ship will carsh in fifteen minutes.

What does Professor Whom believe?
We are definitely in trouble if we can't fix the controls.
He's sure they have a serious problem.

The director probably has money problem.

Hi shen, how was your first day filming?
It was definitely a little strange.
Stange? Why do you say that? You sound like you didn't like it.
Well, I like  the director and the other actor, but I think the director probably has money problems.
Money problems? Why do you think he has money problems?
Well, the set wasn't very nice. And the director said that there isn't a lot money in the budget.
Oh, budget problems. That's  probably not a good sign, mate. Why is the director having budget problems?
He said they had a big budget, but now their account is overdrawn.

Do you think it's going to rain tomorrow?
The weather's been crazy this year, so it's hard to sayl Maybe it will rain, but maybe it won't.

Are you going to fly first-class?
No way. My budget for the trip is 1000. A first-class ticket costs $1800.

It's Friday already. Are you visiting your parents this weekend?
Yes, I'll definitely leave tonight unless I work late. If I do, I'll leave early tonight.

I forgot my wallet. Can I borrow 20 from you?
Sure, if you promise to give it back to me tomorrow.

My doctor said I must stay home and rest, so I definitely won't be at work this week.

This letter from the bank says my account is overdrawn. What does that mean?
It means you are out of money. You need to get a job first.

Can you have dinner with me? I need your advice about something.
Possibly. I might need to work late, but I'm not sure. I'll call you later, OK?

Are you sure you have enough money to buy a house?
I'll need a mortgage, of course. That lets me pay the bank a little bit each month.

The director's film crew is not at the sudio because they don't work there anymore.

What does the direcor want Shen to do?
Use his own money to buy things for the film.

Whe doesn't the director call the producer and ask for his help?
The producer doesn't work there anymore.

In the end, Shen agrees to help pay for the things the director needs.

I'll figure it out, Shen. Calm down.

Don't worry, I'll get it.
I'll help, if you like.
I'll give him a call.
I'll let you know about that later.

I have a day off today, so don't worry. I'll go shopping and buy everthing we need.
Your parents are coming tomorrow?
OK. We'll clean tonight.
Can you meet me after work tonight?
I already have plans. I'm going to go to a movie with Joe. Would you like to come?
I don't know what to do yet, but give me some time. I'll figure it out. I always do.
Thank you so much for lending us the money. We'll pay you back as soon as we can.

I'd talk to the producer about it if there was a producer.
If I had the money, I'd make my own film.

I'd pay for this staff, if I had the money.

I'll pay you back once the film sells.

If I had the money, I'd make my own film.

I'd buy a big house if had lots of money.

He would be very happy if he got into a good medical school.

If my friends went to Europe, I'd probably go with them.

Tim's mother would worry if he came home late every night.

Can I borrow 100?
Sorry. If I had extra money, I'd be happy to help you, but don't.

Do you like sharing an apartment with your roommate?
Not really. If I made more money, I'd find my own place to live.

If I were rich, I'd quit my job and travel.
If that happens, can I come with you?

Work was awful today.
I know. If I had a better job to go to, I'd leave the company tomorrow.

Do you want me to say something do the manager?
No, I'd tell her myself if she could fix the problem, but she can't.

If I could go anywhere in the world, I'd goto.

I'm a reporter form the TV programming. 
Good monring, world. 
We are playing a game with people on the street. 
I give you the beginning of a sentence. 
You repeat it, and then, you finish the sentence in anyway you like. 
Let's try an easy one so you can see how it works. Ready? Here we go. If I had one million dollars.
OK, if I had one million dollars, I'd buy veryone in my family a nice house to live in.
Perfect. Now here is another one. If I could have a lunch with a famouse person. 
If I could have a lunch with a famouse person, I'd choose a famouse tennis player, like xxx.
OK, here is a harder one. I'll give you some time to think about it. Ready? If I could live anywhere in the world, 
That's actually easy for me. If I could live anywhere in the world, I'd go back to the country where my family is from and live there.

I'll pay you back, I promise.

Oh no. You broke my favorite glass.
Sorry. I'll replace it tomorrow.

Can you give me back the money you borrowed last week?
Sorry, I'd give it to you if I could, but I used it to pay the rent yesterday.

Sorry, I can't talk right now. I have a meeting in a few minutes.
No problem. We'll talk later. Call me when you are free.

What are you going to do this summer?
If I had time, I'd go to China for a month, but I start my new job next week, so I can't.

This is a huge problem. What am I going to do?
Calm down. I know you. You'll figure it out.

Are you doing anything this weekend?
I'm not sure yet. I may visit my parents, but if I don't, I'll call you.

Hi, bill. My car is broken. Can you give me a ride to work tomorrow?
I'm happy to do that. I'll pick you up at 7:30 am. If that's all right.

Do you like living in a big city?
Not really. If I could, I'd live in the mountains near a big lake.

Dear Frank,
We are making preparations to start filming Club Rock in a month, and, as always, we need the Wardrobe(衣橱) Department's help with costumes(服装), accessories(衣服配饰), and footwear(鞋类). We have two main sets for the movie - an office and a club. Please use solid(无空隙的) colors for the clothing in the office scenes, like black, brown, and blue. The clothes for the club outfits(全套服装,成套工具) are bright with a lot of orange, purple, and red. It's important that the cast(全体演员) looks good together, so please remember this when choosing clothing. Here is what we need for each actor.
Marcum Richmond (playing Ben Victors): Ben Victors is an office employee who also owns a dance club. For the office scenes, we need him to wear a wool(毛,绒) suit with a shirt and tie. We also need a leather belt and nice shoes. For the scenes at the club, we need a leather jacket, jeans, and a cotton T-shirt. Finally, we need a plastic umbrella because there's one scene where he walks in the rain.
Dana Rivers (playing Lena Benson): Lena Benson is a marketing supervisor at the office. For the office scenes, we need a cotton(棉) dress and leather sandals. For her club outfit, we need a denim(蓝粗棉布,劳动布,牛仔布) skirt, a silk blouse(女士短上衣，衬衫), and leather boots. We also need gold earrings and a silver necklace.
Silvia Moreno (playing Vera Ramos): Silvia's character is only in the office scenes. She is the boss of a large company, so she dresses up for work. However, she comes to work in casual clothing and changes at the office. For this, we need khaki(咔叽布) pants, a cotton T-shirt, and tennis shoes. We also need a wool suit with a jacket and skirt(女裙), a lace(蕾丝) blouse, and high heels. She wears a large diamond ring and earrings.
Shane Forester(playing Mel Gavin): Shane's character is only in the club scenes. He is a bit eccentric(古怪的) and wears a nylon tracksuit(运动服), bright socks, and tennis shoes. He also wears a felt(毛毡) hat.
Our budget is $4000, but I'd like you to spend under $3500 so we have extra money in case of emergencies.
I'll send you a chart with the actors' sizes by the end of the week. Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Yolanda
Who is the letter to?
The person who buys the actors' clothing.
Who does the director need?
Clothing for the actors.
In addition to clothes, what does the director need for the women in the movie? Jewelry.
What does Yolanda tell Frank about the budget?
He should try to spend less than the budget.
What is Yolanda going to send letter?
Sizes for the clothing.

Materials:
nylon, khaki, plastic, felt, lace, cotton, denim
Accessories:
silver necklace, gold earrings, leather belt, diamond ring
Footwear:
tennis shoes, sandals, high heels, boots

Dear staff, I'm happy to report that we already replaced the two actors who decided to quit yesterday.

Dear Frank, 
Sorry I didn't get back to you with the actors' sizes yesterday. We had some excitement(激动的事) on the Club Rock set after I wrote you. Marcum had a fight with Shane, and they both decided to quit the production. I spent the rest of the day on the phone, but I finally found replacements for them.
Anyway, attached(附属于) please find the chart with the actors' sizes. If you have any questions, please contact me immediately. Filming starts in four weeks, so you need to start getting the actors' costumes. And remember: We need to keep costs at around $3500.
Best, Yolanda
What is Yolanda's email about generally?
Preparations to make the film Club Rock.
What does Yolanda talk about in the first part of her email?
A problem she had to solve before she could write to Frank.
What is the excitment Yolanda talks about in the first part of her email?
A fight between two of the movie's lead actors.
What is the second part of Yolanda's email about generally?
Things Frank needs to know and do.
What information does Yolanda send that Frank is wating for?
Details he needs to order the actors' costumes.
Why didn't Yolanda send the information Frank needed earlier?
She was busy trying to find new actors.
What does Yolanda want Frank to do next?
Begin ording the clothing they need.
In a month, Yolanda and her crew are going to start shooting scenes from Club Rock.

Yolanda, Thanks for the size chart for Club Rock. I have a good feeling about this film. I have a question for you. Would it be OK if we used some of the clothing and accessories from Work Hard, Play Harder? Both actors were in that, and some of the wardrobe items they wore are almost the same as waht they need for Club Rock. That would help us stay within the budget, I want to start ordering today, so let me know as soon as possible. Cheers, Frank.
What is Frank's email about generally?
Costume preparations for Club Rock.
What is the main reason that Frank writes to Yolanda?
To suggest a way that they can save money.
Frank mentions Work Hard, Play Harder because he feels he could use soem of the costumes from it.
Why does Frank ask Yolanda to contact him?
He needs to know if she agrees with his suggestion.
Frank: Do you want to buy that diamond necklace?
Yolanda: No, that's too expensive. I want to get affordable jewelry for the movie.
I want to buy a new wool sweater. I want to stay warm this winter.
I'm competing in a match next week. I want to buy a pair of comfortable tennis shoes.
Where did you buy that leather belt?
From the new accessories store in the mall.

Sara has to apy the mortgage on her house. 
I'm not sure yet, but I'll probably come over at 2 pm.
I'd pay for it if I had money.
My new jeans are very comfortable.

I don't have much money left in my bank account because I bought a lot of expensive things this week.
Chloe couldn't take out money from her bank account because it was overdrawn.
Nate needs a weekly budget because he always spends his money before his next paycheck(工资).
Antia used her credit card to buy dinner because she didn't have any money in her purse.
Jason has to pay back the money he owes Connie, but he didn't get his paycheck.
I can't afford to pay the for mortgage on my condo this month. I'm going to have to borrow money from my parents.
Pedro is a part-time actor so he doesn't have a steady salary.

Sheila can't possibly get to the stadium(体育场) by noon. It's 11:00 now and it takes two hours to drive there.
Jessie always arrives early to events so she will definitely be at this party on time.
Ramone will probably be late getting here. He usually is.
We certainly can't give this presentation today. Our professor is going to talk about marketing tomorrow and we need the information for our presentation.
Yuna bought a new laptop two weeks ago, but it fell on the floor and now it's in pieces. It certainly doesn't work now.

I'd mail Jim an invitation to the wrap party(完工派对), if I had his address.
I will talk to the director about my role in this movie, if I find out his availability.
I'd have a lot of money right now, if I had a dollar for every time she said she would pay me back.
Michael would move that furniture for you, if he was strong enough.
Hoon will buy a house, if the bank gives him a mortgage.
Your account will be overdrawn, if you keep taking money out.

Are you going to call Luch and tell her your big news?
I really want to. I'd call her if I had her phone number.
When are you going to talk to your manager about possibly getting a promotion?
I don't know. I'd talk to her if she wasn't so busy.

What do you think about this dress? The material is so soft and light.
It's a pretty dress, but it's too baggy(宽松). What about this other dress? It's thick and you can wear it in the winter.
Hm.. I don't like wool dresses. Oh, it's 300. Well, I couldn't have bought it anyway.
Oh, look at this great black bag. It's on sale for 50.
Is it leather? That's a great price for leather. And look at these great plastic rain boots. They're only 30. I like these jeans, too.
The denim color is really nice. Oh, and look at this blouse. I love the flower design.
Yeah, I like lace. It would look great with the denim jeans.
What a perfect outift. And I could wear the khaki jacket I bought last week. Hmm...what about accessories?
This silver necklace and gold earrings are perfect.

What is Shen doing in this scene?
He is buying things for the direcotr.
Which quality of spray(喷雾器) paint(油漆) does Shen decide to buy?
The one that is the most expensive.
What does Shen want to do with the spray paint?
Use it as makeup for the other actor.
What happens at the end of the scene?
Shen has a problem when he tries to pay.

These are top of the range paint products. It doesn't get any better than his.

Do you have blue spray paint?
These are top-of-the-range paint products. It doesn't get any better than this.
And over here we have low-quality paints.
They're lacking in color options, but they are cheap.
This is great. It will do.

When we speak about the quality of something, we are talking about how good or bad something is. For example, we expect that good-quality products are well made and last for a long time. For this reason, they are more expensive than poor-quality products that are not well made and do not last for a long time.
If a product is the best of its kind, the British often say that it is top of the range, while Americans usually say such a product is top of the line. A product like this is a product of the very highest quality. In short, it has everything and it isn't lacking anything. It doesn't get any better than this.
When we want to buy something, we often have a number of options to choose from. For example, a product may come in different colors or different materials. It's important to remember that we don't always have to buy the most expensive choise available. If a cheaper product gets the job done, that's all that matters. In other words, it's okay to buy a low-quanlity product if we are sure it will do.

Dear Ms. Ellis, A customer called this morning to ask about our high-quality cleaning products.

Dear Mr. Jones:
A customer called to say she was extermely unhappy with her online order.
The order was for twelve cans of our top-of-the-range silver spray paint.
Unfortunately, a number of things went wrong with the order.
First, she paid for one-day delivery, but the order took three days to get to her.
Then, when the package arrvied, it was half open and in terrible condition.
Finally, she wasn't at all happy with the color.
Instead of a bright silver, the paitn was a very ugly gray.
As you can imagine, she is very upset.
She says she will not order from us again, and she also expects a full refund.
I'm sure you will want to call her to see if you can calm her down.

Good afternoon. I'd like to complain about an order I received this morning.

Good afternoon. This is kitchen central complaint department. Can I have your name and address please?
Yes, of course. my name is Amanda Sinclair, and my address is 21 South Elm Street, South Orange, New Jersey.
OK, good. Now since you call the complaint department. There must be a problem with your order. Can you tell me what's wrong generally?
First, there's the late delivery. I paid 15 dollars extra for your special one-day delivery service, and my order took 5 days to get to me.
Oh, I'm so sorry to here that. I'm sure we can arrange a refund for the shipping cost. Now, can you tell me about the condition of the package and condition of the items when they arrived? Is everything OK there?
No, everything wasn't ok. The package was wet, and half open. And all the pots have big dents(凹陷,损伤) now.
Oh, this isn't good at all. I think I have a solution. I'd like to offer you our top-of-the-line pots as a discount. Your total will be 50 dollars less than your first order. We'll also send the pots to you with the special one day delivery at no extra charge. Would that be OK with you?
Oh! I didn't expect that. Yes, that would definitely be ok.

A restaurant owner called asking about our top-of-the-line kitchen products.

John: Were you happy with the shirts you bought yesterday?
Yeah. They're not the highest quality you can buy, but they'll definitely do.

Would you buy from the company again?
I don't think so. I was disappointed in the quality of their products.

I can't afford any of these computers.
I know. That's the problem with top-of-the-line electronics.

I'm calling to complaint about the paint I received from your company last week. Your website showed the color to be bright blue but when we tried it on the wall in my son's bedroom the blue was much lighter than the color on the website. Generally, we are pleased with the quality of the paint and we are not interested in a refund. Instead, we hope you can recommend a replacement a similar price quality that is close to the bright blue on the website. Please call to discuss.
The color of the paint was not what she expected.
Suggest a different bright-blue paint.

Good afternoon. After browsing your company's website in catalog, I'm seriously considering ordering some of your top-of-the-line kitchen equipemnt. I own a large restaurant in Chicago, and we are planning replacing our kitchen in a near future. I would  appreciate it if one of your sales people could visit my place in business. Please call to arrange appointment.

Shen gose to the bank to find out about his bank card.
What does the bank employee tell Shen?
There is no money in his account.
Why can't Shen get a loan from the bank?
He doesn't have a regular job.
What does the bank employee recommend?
Shen should go back to the shops and try to get his money back.
What new problem does the director tell Shen about?
He has to find a new place to make the film.
What new problem does Shen have?
He doesn't have money to pay his rent.

I need to withdraw money from my savings account. 
Your account is overdrawn.

I need to withdraw money from my savings account.
I already tried the cashe machine, and it wasn't working.
There is a hold on your account.
You were also charged(指控,收费) an overdraft(透支) fee.:
Can I take out a loan today?
I'd like something with a low interest rate.
Do you have proof of a steady income?
No, I'm not getting paid for the film I'm in.
Maybe you should look at your expenses and return some of the things you bought.
Sorry, it looks like you're in debt.

You do this when you take money from a bank account.
withdraw money
You do this when you borrow money from the bank
take out a loan
You put money in this so you have it when you need it.
a savings account
There are things you spend money on(for example, rent and food)
expenses.
You have this if you get a paycheck every week or every month
a steady income
You have this if you spend more than all the money that you have in the bank
an overdrawn account
You must pay this if you use all the money in your account
an overdraft fee
You can use one of these to take money from your bank account.
a cash machine.

I won't be able to pay you back until we sell the film.
We won't be able to shoot for a couple of days.

Will you be able to film later this week?
Will you pay me back for all this staff?
We won't be able to shoot for a couple days, but then we'll ba back and better than ever.
I won't be able to pay rent for a while, but that's okay.
Tim is away for the weekend, so he won't be able to have lunch with us.
Jean, will your firends be able to come for dinner on Saturday?
I'm not working tomorrow. So I will probably be able to go to the concert with you.
If I'm sick on Friday, will I be able to take the test next week?
I'm very sure that we will be able to finish the report on time.
Tony, will you definitely be able to work late tonight?

I need to withdraw money from my savings account.
I already tried the cash machine, and it wasn't working.
There is a hold on your account.
You were also charged an overdraft fee.
Can I take out a loan today?
I'd like something with a low interest rate.
Do you have proof of a steady income?
No, I'm not getting paid for the film I'm in.
Maybe you should look at your expenses and return something you bought.
Sorry, it looks like you are in debt.

You look drepressed, mate, what's wrong?
I went to the bank today, and there's a problem with my savings account.
Oh, what's the problem?
My saving accounts is overdrawn, and the bank put a hold on it.
But you had plenty of money yesterday, what happened?
I bought a lot of things for the film. The direcotr's account is overdrawn too. And he needs my help.
Oh, he bought things for the film? I'm afraid that ... Well,can you take out a loan? Maybe you'll be able to get something with a low interest rate.
No, I won't be able to take out a loan. Because I'm not getting paid for the film. And I don't have proof of a steady income.
That is a problem. Will you be able to return the things you bought? Maybe you could get a refund or somethings.
No, I won't be able to return the things I bought. The stores don't give refunds
I hate to say this, mate, but it looks like you are in debt. Will you be able to pay the rent this month?
No, I won't be able to pay the rent this month.

I won't be able to give you a loan because your account is overdrawn.
I need some money for the weekend. Is the bank still open?
No, but there's a cash machine on the corner. You can use that.
Will you be able to pay your rent tomorrow?
No, I took out too much money last week, and there is a hold on my account.
Can I help you?
Yes, I'd like to withdraw some money from my savings account.
If you buy that new car, you won't be able to go on vacation this year.
Did you have to take out a loan to pay for your last year of college?
Yes, and that means I'm now in debt.
You can't get a mortgage if you don't have proof of a steady income.
Are you excited about starting work next week?
Yes. It's my first job. I've never had an income before.
I used all my money to pay my rent, so I won't be able to go out with my friends this weekend.

To whom it may concern:
I'm writing to complain about the clothing I received from your company. I ordered several outfits for an upcoming movie for Starlight Productions. The clothes arrived yesterday, and there are several problems with them.
There is an issue with the size of many of the clothing items. They are definitely not the sizes I ordered. The man's wool suit is too small. The denim skirt, lace blouse, and silk blouse are too big. I want to exchange these items for clothes in the correct sizes.
Many of the products are very poor quality. The jacket and belt look cheap and seem to be made of low-quality leather. The products do not look like the prhotographs of them on your website. Similarly, the cotton T-shirts and nylon tracksuit were very bright in the photos, but they actually lack color. The plastic umbrella was broken when it arrived. I want a refund for all of these items because I'll have to buy them somewhere else.
I also want to complain about your company's poor customer service. The items didn't arrive on time. When I called to ask about them, no one could explain the problems with my order. The three people I spoke to were extremely rude. The products finally arrived a week later. In addition, your company charged Starlight Production's credit card for shipping. Because I ordered so many items, the shipping was supposed to be free.
I am happy with the quality of the footwear and the gold and silver women's accessories. The jeans, hat, and woman's wool suit are also fine.
In summary, I request that you immediately fix the problem with the clothes that are the wrong size. We are filming next week and must have the clothes before then.
Please refund the money to Starlight's credit card for the poor-quality items, the broken umbrella, and the shipping. Let me know how to return the clothes that are the wrong size as well as the items we cannot use. I also request that your company pays for any additional shipping costs for the returns.
Starlight Productions orders thousands of dollars of clothing for movies every year. I'm sorry to say that unless you fix these issues, we certainly won't order clothing from your company again.
Sincerely,
Frank Meyers
Starling Productions
Head of the Wardrobe Department

Who is the email to?
A clothing company.
What is the problem with the sizes of the clothing?
Some are too big, and some are too small.
What's the problem with the leather items?
The quality isn't good.
Why isn't Fank happy with the company's customer service?
They weren't helpful or nice.
What does Frank want the company to do?
Replace some items and give him back money for others.
If the company doesn't fix the problems, Frank won't order products from the company in the future.

The jacket and belt look cheap and seem to be made of low-quality leather.

The store has a nice range of accessories.
The beautiful woman was dressed from head to toe in warm, cozy wool.
Much of the jewelry in the shop was made of silver with bright blue stones.
Leather jackets always look great, but they are too casual to wear to work.
If you want to be comfortable, sandals are a good fashion choice.

I'm writing to complain about the poor service I received from one of your Customer Service employees.

To whom it may concern,
I'm writing to say that I am extremely unhappy with the silver necklace that I ordered from your website last week. I have bought a number of items from your website over the years, and I have never had an issure with the quality of your products before. This time, however, I was very disappointed. Although you had a very attractive photo of the necklace on your website, when my order arrived, I saw that the necklace was made of poor-quality metal and it looked cheap. In addition, I was not impressed by the rude customer service employee who was not able to tell me how or where to return the necklace.
In short, I request that you tell me how and where to return the necklace at your expense and that you give me a full refund on my credit card.
Sincerely yours, 
Myra Lewis.

Dear Top-of-the-line clothing company,
I'm writing to complain about the black leather jacket that I received today.
It is made of beautiful, top-quality leather, but there are several issues with it.
First, you sent the wrong size: I asked for a medium, but you sent me an extra large.
In addition, there is a very long, deep scratch on the front of the jacket.
Finally, I paid for one-day shipping, but the jacket took five days to get to me.
In summary, I am very disappointed in your company's service.
Because of this, I do not wnat to exchange the jacket for one in the right size.
Instead, I would like you to give me a full refund on my crdit card.
I also expect you to pay me back for the cost of shipping the jacket back to you.
Sincerely, Donald Waters.

To whom it may concern, I'm writing to say that I'm extremely disappointed in the clothing order I received today.

To whom it may concern:
I'm sorry to do this, but I am writing to say how unhappy I am with your company's service since January of this year, I have been a steady customer for five years, but I'm afraid that I won't be able to order things from you anymore. There are two main issues you should know about.
First, the quality of your clothing has fallen. Last month I ordered a wool suit and several pairs of trousers for my husband, and the quality was so poor that we sent everything back. I did the same with a leather jacket and skirt for myself. We don't mind paying high prices for excellent quality, but when clothing looks cheap and is poorly made, customers shouldn't have to pay top prices.
In addition, there are serious problems with your service. Your customer service staff is rude and unfriendly. Your Shipping Department often sends things to the wrong address, and they often send items we haven't ordered.
In summary, I'm sorry to say you have lost a good customer.
Sincerely yours,
Luisa Sanchez.

What is Luisa's main reason for writing to the company?
To complain about the company generally.
What is true?
Luisa has ordered from the company many times.
What did Luisa do with the leather jacket and skirt that she ordered last month?
She returned them.
What point does she make about the people in the shipping department?
They make many mistakes.

This material is cheap and low quality.
Stella has a low monthly income because she only works part-time.
Why won't Jan be able to play soccer tomorrow?
You need to write to request an apology.

The soccer equipment is top of the range.
This is the best you can buy, but it's expensive.
I want something cheaper, but nothing that's poor quality. Do you have something from last year on sale?
I suppose that umbrella will do, but I think the material is lacking in quality.
Over here we have good-quality leather bags, but there are others of even better quality in the front.
This high-quality suit costs a thousand dollars, but it doesn't get any better than this.

This high-quality leather is very soft and expensive.
These hiking boots are top of the range. This is the company's best product and it's better than the ones made by competitors.

Why doesn't THalia have a steady income?
She works as an artist and gets paid when she sells a painting.
Did Shan take out a low interest-rate loan?
No, his savings account is overdrawn so he can't.
Why did Miriam withdraw all her money from her bank account?
She just opened her restaurant and she needed a lot of money to pay for things.
Does Victor have lots of monthly expenses?
He has mortgage payments and credit cards to pay off.
Did Simon have to pay an overdraft fee?
Yes, he took out more money than he had in his bank account.

Will you be able to take care of my pets while I'm on vacation?
I'm sorry, but I won't be able to because I'm going to be gone the same time.
Will you be able to pay me today for the work I have done so far?
No, but I will be able to next Friday when I get my paycheck.
Will we definitely shoot this scene today?
We won't be able to today because Alison wants us to get out of her apartment with the equipment now.
Do you know how to drive yet?
I'm still learning how to drive, but I'm older I'll be able to drive across America.
If I miss the meeting tomorrow, will I be able to work on the project?
No, the meeting is really important. If you miss it, you won't be able to work on it.
Can Dana come to the wrap party for the film this Saturday?
Yes, she definitely can. She doesn't have any plans this Saturday and she is keen(热情的) on going to the party.

I'm writing to complain about the poor service I received in your store last Friday.
The issue is that the salespeople did not care about helping me or the other customers.
Whan I asked if there was a brown cotton dress in a smaller size, the salesperson said she didn't know and just walked away.
She didn't look for another size or offer to find it for me. There were other outfits made of wool and leather that I had wanted to try on, but my friend and I just left.
If I hadn't left, I would have bought a new pair of shoes and some purses. You always have top of the range clothing, but without better employees you are not going to sell very much.
More people like my friend and I will leave without buying anyting if they have the same problem we did. High quality service is important for success.
I'd like an apology in writing from your store. I hope to hear from you soon.

Aanya is tired because last night she stayed up late to speak to her family.
What is Khae's opinion of the sales assitant?
She's quite unfriendly.
What does Aanya say about her job at the Company Company?
She feels the money is good and the work isn't too hard.
What does Khae want Aanya to think about?
Starting a company with her an Marco.

This is too baggy.
It's a little old-fashioned

This place is so trendy(时髦).
It's a little old-fashioned.
This is too baggy.
Designer labels are expensive.

This dress is too tight on me. Do you have it in a bigger size, please?
Sorry, no. The bigger sizes are out of stock(库存) What about this long denim skirt?
It's too old-fashioned. It looks like a skirt my grandmother had in the 1960s.
How about this leather jacket? We sell a lot of these, so everyone must think it's a very trendy style.
It's nice, but it's a large. I usually wear a small, so it will be very baggy on me.
How about this silk blouse? It's really soft and very comfortable to wear, and we have it in your size.
Yes, but look at the price tag. I'll never understand why designer labels cost so much. This is so disappointing. I want to buy more stylish clothing, but I can't afford it.

It goes well with your long brown hair.
That color goes well with your long brown hair.
It matches your large brown eyes.
It'll have to choose between this dress and this brown leather bag.

That friendly young Chinese girl is my daughter's best friend.
My friend Anita is an amazing product designer.
That's a beautiful brown leather bag.
She's a successful movie actress with long red hair and large blue eyes.

She was wearing the most beautiful um ... uh ... Oh, dear. I can't remember the word.

I saw this really beautiful coat(大衣,外套) today. It was black, and long, and made of high-quality...
Pipe(水管)
Sink(洗涤池)
Bathtub(浴缸)

recipe(食谱,诀窍)
receipt(收据)

I can't remember the English word for it. What do you call that thing a man wears around his neck when he wears a suit and wantis to look nice?

Let's say I show you a picture like this. Then I give you a situation. You want to buy a present for your brother. You are going to a shop talk to the sales assistant. But you can't remember the word for the thing in the photo. What do you say to the assistant?
OK, I'd say something like Hello, I want to buy something for my brother. But I can't remember the word you call it in English. It's that long thin thing that you wear around your stomach. So your pants or jeans don't fall down. Do you know what I mean?

OK, let's try another photo. You are going on vacation, you want to buy a pair of these, but you can't remember the word. What do you say to the shop assistant?
Let's say. I'd say something like... Excuse me, I need something but I forget the name in English. They are footwear. But they are not boots. They are open, so you can see your feet.

OK, here is another. You are at home and in your apartment. And you have a problem with this thing in the photo. But you can't remember what you call it. What do you say when you call the landlord(业主,房东)?
I have a problem with something in my bathroom. But I forget what's the thing is called. It's the place where I wash myself. You know, the thing where you sit to take a bath or you stand to take a shower.
Oh, I think you mean the bathtub, right?
Yes, the bathtub. I have to remember that word.

She bought a pair of stylish brown leather sandals today.

Excuse me. Have you got this item in a larger size?
Sorry, we don't . It's out of stock at the moment.
The young actress is famous for her big blue eyes.
The lead actor weighed thirty pounds more last year.
That explains why his costume is so baggy.
Have you heard about the exciting new action movie that's playing downtown?
Myra's job requires her to stand all day so it's important that she wears comfortable footwear.
statues(雕塑)

Sofi goes to the job fair hoping to find a new restaurant job.
Waht does Sofi do when she learns she is talkingto someone who knows Nadi?
She takes back her information.
As she goes from one person to another, what does every one offer her?
a special form to fill out
Sofi knows she's afraid of heights, so it's clear she can't wash windows on tall buildings.

Shall I help you with something?
Shall I get her to give you a call?
We are hiring bike messengers. Shall I give you an application?

I'm looking for a part-time job.
My friend works for a temp agency. Shall I give her a call?
It's starting to get cold in here.
You're right. Shall I close the window?
We haven't seen the Johnsons in a long time.
I konw. Shall we call them and invite them to dinner?
These packages are heavy.
Shall I carry one of them for you?
I'm hungry.
Me, too. Shall I make us a snack?

I'm afraid I won't be able to apply for that job.
I'd love to meet her.
Just write you name and phone number, and I'd be delighted to give it to her.
Thanks for saying you'd call her, but I have to decline your offer.
Unfortunately, I don't think I am welcome at her restaurant anymore.

I'd love to have dinner with you tomorrow.
Unfortunately, we won't be able to help you this weekend.
Yes, we'd be delighted to come to your wedding.
I'm so sorry, but I'm afraid I have to decline your offer.
I'd love to meet her.

I'm afraid I won't be able to attend, I have theater tickets that night.

Hi, I'ts Bill. I'm just calling to talk about your schedule for next week. you get time to talk?
Yes, I'm looking at my calender on my laptop right now. Shall we begin?
Ok, first, we're wondering if you are free to  meet wiht the boss on Monday at 10:00
Let's see. Yes, I'm free all morning. Please tell the boss I'd be delighted to meet with them at 10:00
Ok, great. What about lunch? The boss would like to invite you and Msxx to have lunch with him at the region hotel, can you make it?
I'm afraid I won't be able to. I'm having lunch with a new client, so I have to decline their offer.
OK, we thought that might happen. I know you are not available in the afternoon because of the budget meeting. But what about Monday evening? Shall I tell them you are available for dinner?
Yes, good idea. The budget meeting starts at 3:00, but I'd be happy to meet with them at 6:00.

I'm afraid I won't be able to do the work by myself. Shall I ask Bob to help me?

How about meeting me and Sue for coffee tomorrow?
Great. Shall we meet at the Coffee Cup at 3:00?
Are you free for dinner tonight?
Sorry, I'm afraid I already have plans.
I just heard that traffic is awful. If we drive, we'll be able for the concert.
You're right. Shall we take the train instead?
I'm so glad you'll be able to come.
We are, too. Thanks again for inviting me.
Hot weather always makes me thirsty.
Me, too. Shall I make us a cup of tea?
(Shall I turn on the air-conditioning?)
Don and I are so happy you can come to the wedding.
I wouldn't think of missing it. Thanks again for inviting me.
Shall we go out for dinner>
I'm tired. Is it OK if we eat at home?
I hope you'll consider it. We think you'd be a great manager.
I appreciate your offer, but I won't be able to.

What's wrong with the woman's computer?
The screen doesn't work correctly.
What does the salesperson suggest to corret the computer problem?
Getting a new one
Why can't the woman get a new computer quickly?
The store doesn't have any available.
(The woman doesn't have proof that she bought it)
In the end, what will happen?
The woman will get a refund.

Excuse me. I'd like to complain about a laptop that I bought here last week. Where do I need to go?
There seems to be a problem with the screen.
Would you like to exchange it with the same model?
No, thanks you. I'd like to return it and get my money back , please.
Excuse me, can you tell me where the Exchange Department is, please?
I'd like to speak to one of the managers in your Complaint Department.
There seems to be a problem with the TV that I purchased.
I'd appreciate it if you would just give me my money back.
Could you please refund the money directly to my credit card?

We should have more in stock in about a month.
Oh I didn't bring the receipt with me.
This is really inconvienient, Could I please speak to a manager?
Come with me, and I'll help you at the refund counter(柜台).

When a product is not available at a store, it is: out of stock
If you want to get your money back, you need to ask for: a refund.
A piece of paper that shows what you bought and how much you paid is called: a receipt
When a store has the product you want, the product is: in stock
Most people don't like standing in a long line because it's: inconvenient.

The salesperson thinks we should return the computer and get another one of the same kind.
What is true about the computer model that the customer wants?
The store has ordered it, but it hasnt come from the manufacturer yet.
What does the woman decide to do?
Accept a refund for the first computer.
What does the salesperson say he can do?
Give her money back on her credit card.

I'd like to speak to someone in the Complaint Department, please.

Good afternoon. And how can I help you today?
There seems to be a problem with the camera I bought from you last week.
Ok, what seems to be wrong with it?
Well, it seems to be faulty, I press the button to turn it on, but in a few seconds, it turns itself off.
OK, dear, that doesn't sound good. Can I have a look please? If you are happy with this model, we can take the faulty one back and exchange it for the same model. Would you like that?
Well, actually, I don't want to exchange it. I'm sorry, but I'm not very happy about it.
I understand. Would you like to look at some of our other cameras?
No, thank. I just like to return it and get my money back please.

Could you pleae speak to someone about getting a refund, please?
Is there somethiing I can help you with, sir?
Yes, please. I'd like to speak to someone about a TV I bought from you.
The phone went on sale yesterday, and it's already sold out, I'm so disappointed.
Would you like us to try to repair the phone for you?
Yes, I'd appreciate it.
Can I help you?
Yes, I'd like to exchange this TV for one with a larger screen, please.
And what do you think might be wrong with the phone?
I could be wrong, but there seems to be a problem with the camera.
Are you sure you didn;t use your credit card to make this purchase?
I'm sure. You'd be the first to know if I bought two tickets to China.
I'm calling to order the big-screen TV that you have on sale today.
I'm sorry, but that just sold out. Would you consider another model?
The camera is faulty, so the store quickly agreed to give me a refund.

Tanya has big dark brown eyes.
This dress looks old-fashioned.
I'm afraid I won't be able to go to the opera.
I don't usually have a problem with poor service at this restaurant.
THe restaurant just hired a friendly young Italian waiter.
I just Love Rith Mail's long wavy black hair.
Have you seen that interesting new action film?
Terry just bought a pair of lovely black leather shoes.
I really can't stand that big old green sofa.
Dayma just bought a wonderful old French clock.
Shilpa has very big dark blue eyes.
Trent bought an old blue Italian sports car.

Those pants are a little tight on you. I think you need a bigger size.
Let's go shopping at that trendy new shop. They have the latest styles.
I don't think I can afford these designer labels. Look at these prices.
That shirt is too baggy on you. I think you need a smaller size.
Jean bought an old-fashioned dress. I thought the dress was a gift for her grandmother but it was for her.
Tom only wears cotton T-shirts because he says they are the most comfortable.

Shall I tell her you can come to her party on Saturday?
Unfortunately, I have to decline because I already made other plans for the weekend.
Shall I help you decorate the house?
I'd love your help. Thank you.
Shall I give you an application?
No. I'm afraid I'm not qualified for that position.
Should I make reservations for us at Sharon's restaurant?
Sorry to disappoint you, but I don't think I'm welcome there anymore.
Will you have lunch with us today at noon?
I'd be delighted to and I wouldn't think of missing it.
Will you consider working on the project with us?
Of course. I'd love to offer my help.

Can I please get a refund? These pants are poor quality and I don't want them.
Tessa made a complaint about the poor service she received at the cafe.
What seems to be the problem with this equipmen? Why are you bringing it back?
Ted tried to return the shirt, but he couldn't get his money back because he already wore it.
Excuse me sir, can you help me with an issue I'm having? I'm not sure who to talk to.
Yes, I'd appreciate it if you gave me a new TV to replace the broken one.

描述词
大小
长短
形状年龄
新旧颜色国籍
出处材料用途
类别



