Hi Benny, it's me.
Hey Shen, how is your first day of filming going? 
Not great. The director doesn't seem to have any money.
Really? That's not good.
He said his account is overdrawn. So I'm guessing he can't just withdraw money from his account.
Well, he must have a credit card, right?
I don't think so. He asked me if I have one to pay for things.
So how is he paying for the movie?
I don't konw. His parents are paying his mortgage(按揭贷款) for their house, so he can't ask them.
Shen, this doesn't sound good at all. Oh while we are talking about money, can I borrow 40? I want to buy a new shirt.

Mrs Berry, this is a beautiful ring. 
Thank you, Sofi. It was my grandmother's ring. It's a diamond.
I need a warm sweater for the winter.
How about this one? It says it's 100% wool.
Do you sell accessories here? I need to buy a necklace and a belt.
Yes. You will find them over there.
How about exercise clothes? I need a tracksuit for running.
I'm sorry. We do not sell exercise clothes here.
Look at this bag! It's made from really nice brown leather.
Yes, it smells like it. I'm sure it's very expensive.

Are you an art director for a movie in need of costumes?
Or are you an actor in a no-budget movie? Movie Clothes Mall is for you. We rent our all kinds of clothing and accessories that fit all movie budgets.
Hot Items
Leather school bags - do you need to look like a doctor, chef, or student? We have a great selection of uniforms and leather schoolbags.
Nylon spacesuits - shooting on a planet? Get your last space gear here.
Denim shirts and skirts - perfect for the western look.
Lace wedding dresses - for beautiful wedding scenes.
Payment
In-store we accept cash and all major credit cards, or you can set up an account with us.
Movie CLothes Mall sells clothes to actors. F
Movie art directors would like Movie Clothes Mall. T
The store has denim school bags. F
The store has nylon spacesuits. T
This is a good store to come to if you are filming a western.
The store accepts all big bank accounts. F
You can use a credit card at the store. T

Is he definitely going to quit?
I certainly won't come to the party now.
I was obviously shocked by his message.
He won't possibly be able to make it.
He clearly made a bad mistake.
Will he definitely be on time?

Oh, Mrs. Berry, look, you have so many bags.
I know. And they are really heavy.
I'll help you.
Thank you, my dear.
And I'll get the door.
That's kind of you, Sofi. It's afternoon already. I always have tea in the afternoon. I'm going to make tea. Would you like to have some?
Thanks. I'd love to.
So, how's the restaurant planning going?
Not well. I can't find a new place. I'm going to check the newspapers next. Maybe there are some offers.
Listen. I've been thinking about it a lot. I'm going to call up a few old friends. Maybe they know of a location.
That's very kind of you.
And you know what, I've just decided - I'll talk to the building owner again. See if I can get him to change his mind.
And I 'll talk to Benny again. He has some good ideas.

Dear Khae,
I just wanted to write to say thank you for listening to me.
I konw if I knew things would get better here, I would stay.
The Company Company is not a bad palce to work. It's just I know I could do bettr. If the company were more honest, I would like it much more. And if the big boss listened to our ideas, I would be more motivated to try and make the Company Company better. But that meeting with the big boss was very depressing. If I had any more meeting like that, I think I would cry.
Anyway, thanks again. If I didn't have you as a friend, I would not know woh to talk to.
Best,
Marco 

If he had a million dollars, he would buy everyone in his family a nice house to live in.
If he could live anywhere in the world, he would go back to his home country.
He would go back home because it's the most beautiful palce in the world.
If his friend asked for money, he'd say no, but he would try to find a way to help his friend.
If his friend were in trouble, he would help him.
He would be very angry if his best friend borrowed something expensive and didn't return it.

Dear Mr. Anderson Paul, Thank you for your email to HBBC bank.
First, let me say I'm sorry, but we cannot expand your overdraft(透支额)  at this time. It's definitely agains our bank's policy.
Second, your account has been overdrawn for a year now, and obviously no attempt has been made to repay the money.
In fact, our records show that you have continued trying to withdraw money from this account.
Once the overdraft has been cleared, we can certainly discuss your finaces. Please feel free to contact us again then.
Yours faithfully,
Credit Dept, HBBC Bank.

Movie Costumes of the Year
This year has seen some great(and some not so great) movie costumes. Our fashion editor takes a look.
Probably the best movie costume was in the comedy, Best in Class 2.
Who can forget the actor Will Perkins in leather shorts and a cotton shirt? It was also possibly the funniest(滑稽的) scene in the whole movie.
On a more serious note, certainly the most expensive costume was the dress worn by Julie Forbets in Pretty Lady. The dress was silk with lots of lace and was obviously perfect for this historical drama.
Next up is Cowboys Are Black - a very funny western. And of course everyone wore denim. There was blue denim, black denim, and even some very strange yelow denim jeans - possibly the worst jeans I have ever seen.
And finally, there was Space Face where all the actors were wearing nylon suits with gloves. It was certainly the warmest costume seen this year - all actors looked like they lost about ten pounds in sweat(汗).
What is the article about?
The best and worst movie costumes of the year.
What was possibly the funniest scene in Best in Class 2?
The scene with Will Pekins in leather shorts and a cotton shirt.
What was Julie Forbets wearing?
She was wearing a silk dress with a lot of lace.
What were the actors wearing in Space Face?
They were wearing nylon suits and gloves.
Which movie featured the warmest costumes?
The warmest cosutmes were certainly the spacesuits in Space Face.

My favorite clothes are probably my cotton T-shirts. I have about twenty T-shirts that I bought from a local store here in the city. About half of them are gray and the other half black. I definitely try to wear a cotton T-shirt every day with jeans, shorts, or work pants.
My worst clothing item is possibly my brown leather jacket. I bought it in a market when shopping in Seoul. It tooks terrible with just about everything I own. It has light brown stripes(条纹) on the sleeves(袖子) and a big collar(衣领). I certainly would never wear it to work or to a restaurant. I think this leather jacket should end up in the trash. 
If someone gave me a lot of money to buy clothes, I would buy some nice expensive jeans, nice leather shoes, and some silk and lace shirts from my favorite store. I would also buy some new clothes for work.

Hey, Shen, this costume looks great.
Really? I'm not sure. It's lacking something.
What?
Some air holes would be nice. I can't breathe.
It'll do. It's a short scene.
And I think it's a poor-quality set. It's just computers covered in some shiny material. It looks cheap.
I admit it's not top of the line. But it will look good quality on camera. Trust me.
I don't know. It's lacking windows. Shouldn't it have windows?
Shen, we don't have many options. This is the best set we can make with the money we have. Sorry, but it doesn't get any bettern than this.
That's ok. I guess I was just expecting a high-quality set that looked really expensive. But we can make it work, I'm sure. 

I don't think I understand finance. I think it's a difficult subject.
What's the problem?
Well, the bank cut up my credit card because I had an overdraft.
So you spent more money than you have. You are now in debt. Shen. You owe the bank money.
I know. But how do you stop being overdrawn?
Shen, you need to look at the money coming in - your income which, let's be honest, is nothing from this movie. And then look at the money going out, your expenses. Then make sure you don't spend more money than you have.
But then the bank is saying that I have to pay them 70.
Look, the overdraft is like a loan - the bank is lending you money. And they will charge you interest until you pay them back. And they decide what that rate of interest is.
So what do I do?
Well, you need to stop spending and start saving money. Here, I can give you some cash.
A dollar? Thanks, Benny.
You're welcome.

I'm very unhappy with the poor quality of your clothes.
The leather jacket looks cheap and has scratches on it.
I'm sorry, but you sent me a wrong size.
I ordered a small, and I received a medium.
I expect a refunt. Please get my money back as soon as possible.
I ordered one-day shipping. Unfortunately, the package took a week to arrive.
These leather sandals look great. However, they are too casual(非正式的) to wear at work.
The necklace was very attractive on the website.
Unfortunately, it's not silver but plastic.
I would like to exhange this lace dress. Can I have it in red, not green?

Will you be able to do it tomorrow?
I won't be able to meet you next week.
He'll be able to finish the report tomorrow.
What will you be able to bring to the party tomorrow night?
She'll be able to meet you for lunch next Monday.
Will you be able to fix the car tomorrow?

There is a problem with the computer cable(网线) - it doesn't work. Expaling the problem.
I ordered a small, but you sent me a large.
Please send me a replacement cable.
Requesting action
I expect you to fully refund the cost of the shoes.
The sweater was dirty and looked cheap.
I request that you exchange it immediately for the correct size.
I expect you to repair it at your expense.
I'm writing to complain about the wool sweater I bought online.
The TV broke the next day.
I expect you to change the menu immediately.
I'm writing to say I'm very unhappy with the food at your restaurant.

To Whom it May Concern:
I'm writing to complain about the poor-quality service I received at your bank yesterday.
The bank teller was very rude and she cut up my credit card. Plus there is a problem with my account. I have been charged 70 without any warning.
I expect you to fix this problem. I request that you pay me back 70 and give me a new card.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Best,
Shen

Dear Shen,
Thank you for your email.
We have looked at your case, and we will not give you a refund. Also, we won't be able to issue you a new card before you clear your overdraft.
However, you'll be able to visit any one of our branches and discuess the matter further with the manager. And you will be able to continue using our telephone banking system.
Sincerely yours,
HBBC Bank.

What is Shen looking for?
He's looking for a blue spray paint.
What does the clerk say about the expensive paints?
They are high-quality.
What does the clerk say about the low-quality paints?
They don't cost a lot.
What does the clerk(店员) think about putting spray paint on someone's face?
He doesn't think you should put spray paint on someone's face.
Why can't Shen buy the paint?
His credit card is declined.

To Whom it may concern:
I'm writing to complain about the clothes and accessories I bought on your website last week.
First, the quality of the clothes is very poor. The dress and blouses are not silk but are made from some strange material. They look cheap.
Additionally, the leather shoes and belt are not made with real leather. They are very poor quality and have scratches on them.
Finally, I also want to complain about the delivery of the items.
I paid for a two-day delivery, but it took almost two weeks for the packages to arrive.
To fix the problem, I expect you to refund the moeny I paid for the two-day shipping. I also expect a full refund for the clothes since I cannot wear them.
Sincerely,
Sofi Poulain

The woman bought a black skirt online but wants a gray one instead.
We will be able to exhange it.
The man wants to return the shirt, but he doesn;t have a receipt.
We won't be able to give him a refund, but we can exchange the shirt for something else.
A woman called to say she was disappointed with the speed of delivery and wants to close her accounts.
Tell her she'll be on our special customer list,  so she'll be able to get deliveries quicker.
A woman complained about the quality of the sweater she bought. She was assured it was top quality, but she says it already has a hole in it.
Tell her she will be able to return it if it's damaged.
A man wrote to say he was disappointed with the leather jacket he bought online, as it has a hole. He wants us to fix it.
We won't be able to fix it, but offer him a discount on his next purchase.

To Whom it may concern:
I'm writing to complain about the poor quality of the furniture I recently bought from your website. I am very disappointed with this purchase.
I ordered a wooden kitchen table and four wooden chairs with leather covers. Unfortunately, there are many scratches on the table, and one of the chair legs is completely broken. Also, the furniture looks cheap and of poor quality. I do not think the furniture is made of wood at all. In addition, the funiture arrived late. I paid for a two-day shipping, but it took ten days for the furniture to arrive.
I expect you to arrange pick up of this faulty furniture and give me a full refund. I do not think I want a replacement, because I want good-quality furniture made of wood. I do not think you have that on your website. Please pick up the furniture and send me my money back in 10 days.

Do you know what you are looking for?
I'm looking for something I can wear at work and to go out.
So something comfortable..
Well, yes. I don't want to buy anything that's uncomfortable.
But stylish(时尚), right?
Yes, definitely with good style. Expensive, no.
How about this dress?
Hmm, no. It's too old-fashioned - I don't want to look like my grandmother.
Okay, so how about that blue leather dress?
No, sorry. It's way too trendy(时髦的). I'm sixteen anymore.
I give up. Can you give me some help here?
Well, it can't be so tight I can't move. But not so baggy that it looks like I'm wearing my big sister's clothes.
Right, here is the perfect one.
Yes, that is nice. Is it a designer label?
It could be. Let me check. Ah, yes.
What?
It's Susi, And it's 3000.
Okay, let's keep looking, shall we.

Hello. May I help you?
Yes. I'd like to complain about this this computer.
What seems to be the problem?
I think it's broken.
Can you explain the problem? Then I'll be able to help you.
Right. Nothing happens when I switch it on. Could I please get a refund?
Before I give you a refund, could I take a look at it for minute?
Sure. Here it is. But I'm afraid it won't work.
Did you charge the battery?
Of course I charged the battery. I want my money back. Right now.
Excuse me, madam. Please don't shout at me.
Sorry. I'd appreciate it if I could speak to the manager.
Certainly, madam. Please just wait one moment.

A:Has anyone tried that new store on 55th Street? It loks really good.
K:I have failed twice. Aanya. First time I tried to go there it was closed - it has very strange hours. I think it's only open from 11:00 am. And when I went back, there was a line just to get into the store. So I gave up.
R:Well, I got in but they had nothing in my size. Nothing. The clerk just looked at me and said: "No, we don't sock big sizes". It was so awful, I just left.
S: I agree with the comments. The store has really poor service and nothing seems to be in stock. And it's really expensive. I bought a dress there but had to return it - they refused to give me a refund becasue it was on sale. I then waited fifteen minutes for the manager who then said I caused the damage. So no refund. And never again.
A clothing store has recently opened on 55th street. T
K thinks the store has unusal opening hours. T
The store wasn't very busy when Khae went back. F
Rima couldn't find anything that fit her. T
Sally thinks the store has good service. F
Sally was not able to get her money back. T
Sally would like to go back to the store. F

“县官行令杀国才”
县……限定词
官……冠词
行……形状
令……年龄
杀……颜色
国……国籍
才……材料
以上是形容人的

限1：限定词。the， my， a， this…
描2：描绘性形容词。brave， beautiful， lovely， nice…
大3：大小、高低、长短等形容词。big，large，small…
形4：形状。round，square…
龄5：年龄大小、新旧、年代等。young，old，new…
颜6：颜色。red，blue，green…
籍7：国籍、地区、出处。Chinese，America，Japanese…
物8：物质材料的形容词。golden，wooden，wax…
类9：表示类别、用途。medical，chemical，writing…
It's a small Italian leather bag.
It's a friendly fat brown dog.
He's a handsome young German man.
It's a tall old red building.
I think it's a wonderful old Chinese house.
She's wearing a pretty gray wool skirt.
They are selling cheap old photographs.

I'm tired.
Shall we just stay in tonight instead?
This box is reall heavy.
Shall I help you with that?
I get home from work at 7:00 pm. I won't have time to cook dinner.
Shall we go out do inner instead?
I have to clean the whole house, and I don't have enough time.
Shall I help you clean?
I'm hot.
Shall I open the window?
The TV is too loud. It will wake up the baby.
Shall I turn down the TV?

Hi, Mrs. Berry. I'm trying to organize another dinner party.
That would be lovely. I'd love to attend another one of your meals. Who else have you asked?
I asked Shen. Unfortunately he's unable to make it as he's busy filming this month. And Benny is not available. But I asked Khae and Marco and they'd like to come.
When is it?
I was thinking of next week.
Oh, I'm sorry dear. I'm afraid I'll have to decline if it is next week, as I'm going away.
Well, maybe I'll change it. What about the end of the month?
Yes, I'll be there.

Where did you go?
I went to a job fair, but there weren't any good jobs. There was one job for cleaning... for cleaning, you know, those really tall glass buildings? What's the word?
Skyscrapers(摩天大楼).
Yes, that's right. But I'm afraid of heights. And then there was work on a... you know, the place where they build buildings. Everyone has to wear a yellow hat.
A construction site(建筑工地)?
Yes, but I don't think I can do that. There was also a woman who wanted to me work in one of those places. Old stone buildings with lots of books inside.
The library?
Right. What else? Oh, yes, teaching people how to dance. You know with a long pink dress and soft dance shoes. 
Ballet?
Exactly. And delivering things on a bike. You know... wiht one of those big leather bags on your back, the ones with the long colored straps(背带)
Okay, a messenger.
I'm so, so tired.
Exhausted?

Can I help you madam?
Yes, I'd like to return this camera.
What seems to be the problem with it?
There is a scratch on the lens(镜片), so it's impossible to take good photos with. Is it possible to get a refund?
Well, instead of a refund, usually we would exchange the item for a new one. Shall I do that for you?
Actually, I'd prefer to get money back instead of making an exchange.
It's okay if you don't want an exchange. Do you have your receipt with you?
Unforunately, I don't
Okay, could you give me the credit card you used to purchase it?
Here you are. And thank you for your help.
Not a problem, madam. We're happy to help.

I had a bad shopping experience last month. I wanted to buy a new shiny silver laptop to replace my big old laptop. My old laptop was too big and too slow. I wanted a new fast laptop for work and playing computer games. I heard there was a sale on laptops at TopBuy, so I went there on a Saturday afternoon. Big mistake.
There was a very long line to get into the store. There were a lot of people shopping the sale.Most of the stock was gone. It took me two hours to get into the store. There was also a long line to pay, but I did buy my new shiny laptop. However, when I got it home and opened it I saw that it had an ugly thick crack across the screen. So I had to go straight back to the store to exchange it. I had to wait in line for about an hour before I got a refund. Next time, I'm going to shop online.







