Why was Shen sleeping on the couch?
He was tired from working on a movie.

Why does Benny tell Shen to get off the couch?
He wants to watch football.

Which best describes Benny's favorite way to watch football?
He likes to watch it on TV.

At the end, why does Benny say he's frustrated?
Because Shen doesn't do enough household chores.

I think the alarm's just gone off.

My knee hurts. You've sat on it.

No thanks. I've already had some breakfast.

I want to watch football and I can't find the remote control.

The movie has just started. Hurry in here to watch it with me.

I'm not very hungry. I have already eaten.

I'm wet. I've just gotten out of the shower.

I have only just finished exercising. I'll talk to you after I've had something to drink.

You have slept there three times already this week.

You are obsessed with football.

I have taken out the trash four times this month.

You never take out the garbage, Shen.

Paul has taken out the garbage every week this month.

She's obsessed with pizza. She has eaten it every day this week.

We have been to L.A four times now. We have friends there.

How many times have you watched this movie?
You really seem to like it.

Hurry, the match has started.

Why does Shen's knee hurt?
Benny sat on it.

Why does Benny want Shen to get up immediately?
Because the match is on.

Why does Benny ask Shen, "How many nights are you going to sleep on the couch"?
Because Shen is sleeping on the couch often.

Benny tells Shen to take out the garbage and clean because he thinks he will continue to do these chores if he doesn't tell Shen.

Hey there Trisha, you want to go and get something to eat?
I completely forgot about our lunch plans. I've just had lunch with Randel.
No worries. I can eat lunch with Peter in a little bit. Where did you and Randel go?
We went to Paris Fondue. The cheese there is so good. Have you been there?
No I haven't. But you go there often. So I gotten try it out. How many times has it been now?
A lot. I have already gone there twice this week. And it's  only Wednesday.
Well, then we'll definitely have to go there together some time.
Definitely. I have a lot of time now because I have just finished that big project 

Why are you all covered in sweat?
Because I have just finished exercising.

Marty has seen the movie three times this week.

I have just had a big meal, so I'm not hungry anymore.

We got married on this day last year.
Let's go out and celebrate being married for a year.

The main issue for Shen is that he can't pay rent.

When does Shen think he'll be able to pay rent?
When the movie is sold.

Benny wants Shen to find a job that pays him regularly.

In the end, Benny decides to live with someone else.

I'm going to stay with a friend whose apartment has an extra bedroom.



